Chris Crocker/I'm a whore because
==[[Chris Crocker]] on being a whore==

I'm a whore because....

It's my birthright and because I already love and understand myself more than anyone else could love or understand me.

I'm a whore because sex is the only thing I can't provide myself. If I could fuck myself, I would be complete, but because I can't fuck myself, I have to find that in other people.

I'm a whore because whores have more fun than blondes, and that says sometime.

I'm a whore because I'd rather die of AIDS than die deprived of sex.

I'm a whore because I'd rather be a whore than a bore..

People often think those who have lots of sex are [[Goatse|empty inside]], and that is just not the case for me. I understand that there are people that look for happiness in others, but that is completely different. I have sex with a lot of people because i can't have sex with myself. If I could, I would. If I could have sex with myself I would never leave the house. I would never leave my bedroom, for that matter.

The point is: diseases are scary, but if I were to ever die of AIDS I wouldn't blame myself. I would blame the government.

No one asked for AIDS. Not even people who got it from being promiscuous. Am I really supposed to believe that AIDS appeared out of nowhere because supposedly men fucked moneys in the 60s? Or that it came from Africa?

AIDS was created and injected into people via vaccinations. The reason? No reason justifies murder, but my theory is population control..If think AIDS is in vaccinations. I think AIDS was invented and concocted by the harsh masterminds in power..

It is human nature to want to sleep with an infinite number of people and I plan on it.

Love is important according to most, however, if I didn't have sex in my life I would go crazy. Without sex there can be no love because we would spend all of our time looking for it. So when you hear people say 'Love comes before Sex'.. ask why. Sex is JUST as human as love, if not MORE human.

It's not a matter of thinking with your head or your heart or your penis. It's a matter of being under the influence of your heart or penis. I happen to enjoy the times when I am under the influence of my penis. If I am under the influence of my heart AND penis at the same time, then great, but if not, at least I get to shoot a load.

Here's to living unafraid lives and dying happy!

AIDS may be scary, but our president is scarier..

[[Category:Transcripts]]