Conner Hemming/story
'''This is Conner's own god awful account of one of his many feuds with fellow [[furfags]] on the internet.  The spelling, grammar, and formatting has been kept true to the original.'''



ok so it all started when i met chuong through a friend of mine of second life named scruff ruby. 
i then found draconas there and got nervous as i knew draconas use to troll me and i didnt want him to know it was me. 
so i left. i dont exactly remember how i got them back, but i think scruff teleported them to my sim for some reason and eventually 
i got into trusting them both, so i told them who i was, we then becamse friends. i showed chuong my HUD called the Phenom Chaos Theory 
and he wanted one. So me and him made a contract saying that i will buy him one if he promises to repay me or make me a rave outfit 
like his others that he showed me. he agreed to this so thereofre i bought him the HUD. shortly after a friend of his named dikota 
began to threaten to ban me and eventually got chuong agaisnt me. back then i will admit i was a little suicidle, so chuong used 
that to his advantege and began to troll and harass me. draconas, being a good friend at the time, told chuong to knock it off or 
he will leave him. chuong, the way he is, refused to stop and even said to my face (draconas probably has the logs of this) to go 
kill myself already and that no one wanted me around. draconas was fed up with chuong and left him. after the few days i knew draconas,
i began to fall in love, and this was my chance to ask him out. i did and he accepted. from that point on, chuong was going around
spreading lies saying i forced draconas to leave chuong and began to get everyone to hate me. a few days later, i was playing with
draconas (not in that way) and i was told by him that a few people were stressing him out. i was a little too protective of draconas
back then because of chuong, so i messaged the two and bitched at them, emmy being one of them. i got banned from tamias' sim. 
shortly after, my account cobalt southpaw got banned, i felt like crap and wanted to say sorry to everyone, so draconas gave me 
his alt and i went to that sim and said sorry to everyone, they all accepted. shortly after i went to bed, and when i woke up and 
i went there, i was banned. draconas asked the only admin that was online, chuong. chuong told draconas he banned me, so draconas 
told chuong to unban me, and thats where the video comes in. i saw chuong so as you can tell i wanted to video it to see what shit
he would pull, and he pulled a lot. i then find out later that chuong lied and he did NOT ban me, tamias did. i showed tamias,
felnoid, emmy, and draconas the video, and that was the final straw for chuong. We all had a meeting and decided to get chuong 
there. when we got him there, he began to talk over people and piss us off. draconas, emmy, tamias, and felnoid told chuong to 
un-mute me. chuong said he did, but each time i talked he'd talk over me. eventually we all told chuong to shut the fuck up, 
he did. i told chuong that he is a lying fat sack of crap and needs to stop pretending draconas is still with him. chuong replied 
with "yawns and drinks pop" making us all think he wasnt even paying attention. so i asked chuong what i said, and got no eply. 
tamias and emmy were fed up with him and permabanned him from the sim. the next day, scruff comes in, who chuong hypnotized to 
harrass me, telling everyone he was sorry for doing it and taht chuong forced him to. the sim was now on a watchful eye for chuong. 
one person under the name of viet foxclaw was very suspicous and came in only when chuong was offline. we began to think it was him 
and shortly after, we were right. the sim therefore went on lockdown and only the group members were allowed. draconas became an
estate manager and i became an admin. the next day his brother cody moorland came in and began to be an ass hole and cause drama, 
so he was instantly banned by emmy (emmy has the full story on that). finally, last night when we were all screwing around, i got a
message from tamias saying that chuong was getting two of our friends named Neo and Luna to seperate, tamias told neo to mute chuong, 
and he did. chuong had reported cobalt for having a copybot, without proof, and got him banned for good. i still to this day use 
draconas' alt. that is all that has happened so far.