Djdlikesxbox/Transcript
Transcript of the voice mail between [[wattage]], [[djdlikesxbox]] and his mother and father.

<pre>wattage: ok guys im gonna call, this i gonna-   ready?  alright, let's do this
ring one
ring two
person 1: hello?
wattage: hey is dj there?
dj: hello
wattage: hey is this dj?
dj: yes
wattage: yeah um, this is john um, I hear you've been um in conversations with my sister on the internet, is that true?
dj: yes
wattage: ok um, do you know how.. old she is, by any chance?
dj: yes
wattage: how old is she
dj: 14
wattage: how old are you
dj: 15
wattage: now, what do you think is wrong with that
dj: um, nothing
<silence>
wattage: ok now, let me ask that question one more time, how old is she
dj: 14
<pause>
wattage: no.  she is not 14
*phone drop*
wattage: do you hear me? hello?
wattage: oh he hung up, I guess we're just gonna have to... call back, don't worry we're still recording kids, nothing to worry about.
wattage dials
wattage: don't worry guys, I got this
ring one
ring two
dj's mom: hello?
wattage: hey is dj there
dj's mom: uh he's doing he's homework right now may I ask whos calling
wattage: yeah um this is john, um, your son is chatting with my sister online, and they're planning to meet.  the problem is their 15 years old and my sister is 11.
dj's mom: she's 11?
wattage: yes, 11 years old, do you understand that?
dj's mom: i thought she was in high school with him
wattage: um
dj's mom: not that I've seen what they're chatting about or anything but I thought, I thought she was a high school girl with him.
wattage: no, my sister is 11 years old
dj's mom to dj: where did you meet an 11 year old dj?
dj (in background): i've seen someone like that at school
dj's mom to dj: you've seen someone, where have you met her?
dj (in background): at school, I've seen her at school!
dj's mom to dj: you've met her at school you've been at school talking to her
dj (in background): just like her
dj's mom to dj: you saw someone who looked like her or you saw her
dj (in background): yeah, that looked like her
dj's mom to dj: have you met this girl have you gone anywhere and met her
dj (in background): no
dj's mom to dj: so you're chatting with some girl online
dj (in background): yeah
dj's mom to dj: that you don't even know
dj's mom: I apologize
wattage: yeah
dj's mom: he's not allowed on the computer anymore
w: mmhmm
dj's mom: he's done
dj's mom: i didn't even know i know he's got this girlfriend katie that he's been talking about but i thought it was someone from school
w: katie john right
dj's  mom: i don't know what her last  name, i just, it's been like a week she's been she's been talking to her
w: well, I hope I don't seem them around together because i'm not going to be very happy if that happens, you know
dj's mom: oh of course
w: i love my sister very much
dj's mom: hey you want to talk to his dad?
w: sure
dj's mom: ok hold on
dad: hello
w: hey um this is john how are you doing today
dad: uh pretty good what's going on
*barely audible, dj's mom and dj shouting at each other in the other room*
w: i having a little problem um i've looked through my sister logs and I found that he's been chatting with someone online I happen to look him up and I find that my 11 year old sister is starting to go out with a 15 year he met online.
dad: ugh, uh, they have been chatting online?
w: your in riverside too aren't you
dad: yes im
w: yeah so
dad: yeah im in corona (sp?) wait well what's your sister's name
w: katie
dad: yeah he's mentioned a girl katie.  he's been saying that he goes to the shcool over there with her at centenniel high
w: i cant that it's true because um - pause - she's 11 years old
dad: and who who what's your name?
w: my name is john
dad: your john and you're her brother?
w: yes im 18 years old, in college so
dad: mmhmm well um yeah we're gonna well you know ive just about had it up to hear with the whole aol online messaging thing ---
*dial in the background, wattage redialing romantic*
*noise, because romantic doesn't have fucking headphones, moron.*
w: uh huh
w: so
dad: um thanks for your information john
w: alright thanks very much
dad: i'll [[fuck|put it in]] bye
w: bye
 </pre>

[[Category:Transcripts]]