DrMusic2/Grinchin Out
{{subpage|DrMusic2}}
[[Category:Transcripts]]

[http://drmusic2-1.deviantart.com/art/Grinchin-Out-162546629 '''Author's Comments'''] <br/>
This story is the first to introduce my house monster OC Growler the weregrinch.

{{frame|
Scientist Nathan Talbut had a rough day at work especially seeing as his new boss Mr Habermann was a complete and utter asshole. Mr Habermann was always yammering at him for no particular reason and whenever he did something wrong  he threatened to fire him.

Nathan hated it when he did that and for weeks he had been secretly planning of ways to do away with him once and for all.

He walked into his room that night and stood there full of rage and hatred for his boss.

"Mr Habermann is without a doubt the WORST boss i've ever had.   He's such disgusting,  inconsiderate and selfish."    He yelled.  

With that he turned around -  he saw that the full moon was high up in the sky.  For he is no ordinary scientist,  ever since Jim Carrey bit him -  he turns into a savage, wild weregrinch at night.

"Ooh I hate Mr Habermann so much,  he makes me so very........ANGRY!"  He growled.

And with that he doubled over in pain as he started to transform,   first his eyes glowed an eerie yellowish colour,  green fur slowly started to spread all over his body -  his fingernails growing into long black claws,  his shoes burst apart to reveal that his feet had now sprouted green fur and his toenails had grown into long sharp claws like his fingernails had..

"Oh no, not again.  I'm changing!"   He exclaimed as his transformation took place.

His hair grew long and wild,  his eyebrows growing bushy,  his teeth become fangs,  his features becoming more grinch-like,   nose turning black and moving upward as a grinch-like muzzle formed on his face.

"Noo....must get control.  Must calm down."   He said,  his voice sounding deeper and more bestial.

When the transformation was complete,  a savage wild weregrinch stood there.

"Raaawr!  Now this is more like it!  Oh yeah!"   He roared in his more bestial voice. "That feels a LOT better."

He then slashed a hole in the wall with his claws,  then leaped out of the hole and went off into the night.

"Hmm...i've got to find me some prey.  But who?"  He pondered.

He then looked around and saw his boss Mr Habermann strolling through the park. 

"Hehe.  Perfect.  Let the hunt begin."   He cooed.

And with that he steathly crept around in the shadows, following Mr Habermann as he walked.

He then leaped out and gave Mr Habermann a menacing cheshire cat grin.

"Hellooo...my prey"    He hissed.

"Talbut is that you?"    Mr Habermann asked, frightened.

"Nathan Talbut is DEAD,  I am Growler."   He replied,  in a deeper more bestial voice. "You are my prey and i am the predator,  and now i'm going to give you exactly what you deserve."

Mr Habermann turned the other way and tried to run but Nathan/Growler cornered him, before he could even scream for help,  he found himself being torn limb from limb.

When Nathan/Growler had finished Mr Habermann off,  all that was left of him were his tie and his shoes.

"Excellent.  Now that i've taken care of my prey,  it's time to visit Hillhurst to hang out with the other monsters."   He cooed.

And with that he slinked on over to Hillhurst.

He slashed the door open with his claws and roared.

"Hey guys! I'm here."   He exclaimed.

"Finally.  What took you so long?"  Fangula inquired.

"I had some buisness to take care of."   He responded.

"What's that you got there?"  Mums asked.

"Oh these.  These are what are left of my boss after I got through with him."  He replied,  holding up the shoes and the tie of his boss.

"Woah.  Nice work.  Did you eat him?"  Mums inquired.

"No Mums, but I maimed him pretty good."   He responded, smiling evilly.

"I like your attitude."    Fangula added.  

"Thanks.  You know.  I like this place.  I might stay here for a while."   He replied.

"You will?  Great."   Little Ghoul responded.

And from that night on Nathan was known as Growler the weregrinch and he lived at Hillhurst with Flabber and the house monsters.   He lives in the guest room which he converted into his own secret grinch lair.

The end}}