DrMusic2/Infamous werejc
{{subpage|DrMusic2}}

[http://drmusic2-1.deviantart.com/art/Infamous-werejc-151198782 '''Author's Comments''']<br>
It seems that my werejohncandyism has made me famous outside of this site in fact it's made me notorious..

Even though Slapsticks Anarchy's recent article about me kind of crossed the line in more ways that one..

I'm happy that i've become a part of pop culture..

Just as long as i don't have to be anyone's test subject or end up being spoofed. 

{{frame|Description:
Werejohncandies are large, jolly, furry John Candy-like creatures that reside in Canada- particularly in the woods.


Appearance:
A werejohncandy is modelled after the late comedian John Candy. They're 6'2 (or 6'3) and weigh 300lbs of fat, fur and cuteness. They also have claws, cute fangs, a mane, bushy eyebrows, glowing emerald green eyes, pointy ears, and a black nose. They are very cute and cuddly.


Habitat:
The werejohncandy resides in the forests of Canada but can be seen in a few other places as well.

Behaviour traits:
Werejohncandies- much like John himself are very jolly and happy, they are also rather cuddly and lovable. They like to roar a lot and are usually very peaceful. They are however sensitive about their weight- and can be pretty badass when ticked off, especially if anyone makes a joke about their weight.

Powers:

A werejohncandy has a variety of superhuman powers including immortality, invulnerability, super strength, super speed, super stealth, keen senses, and a few others. They are also quite agile and powerful and are pretty nimble despite their size. They also possess a brilliant intellect and knowledge of the world around them. They also have a super powerful roar.

Becoming One:

There are more than a few ways to become one, but a werejohncandy's best effective way of turning a person in one of it's kind is by hugging them- one hug from a werejohncandy and that person will become one too.

Transforming:

With a werejohncandy tf there is a lot of clothes rippage involved. The shoes are usually the first to burst because the feet grow larger from within the shoes causing the shoes to become extremely tight until finally the shoes burst off revealing large werejohncandy feet with brown fur and black clawed toenails. Then the hands change starting with brownish fur developing on the palms, fingernails growing into black claws and the hand growing more John Candy-like and so do the fingers. But that's not the only part that grows larger and more John Candy-like, the body gets larger too - growing to proper John Candy-like proportions causing the shirt to get tighter and tighter- each time this happens the buttons pop off one by one, and once the final button pops off- a large, furry, round werejohncandy belly is revealed. Then the shirt gets as tight as it gets until finally it rips off, revealing the much larger John Candy-like frame which is now covered with brown fur. Last to change is the face, brown fur sprouts on it, the ears become pointed, the nose turns black, the canine teeth turn into cute fangs, eyebrows become bushy, eyes glow emerald green, hair grows into a mane, and the face becomes more and more John Candy-like, followed by the voice which becomes John's voice. Then the transformation is complete and the werejohncandy is free. }}

[[Category:Transcripts]]