DrMusic2/Night Of The EDiots
{{subpage|DrMusic2}}
[[Category:Transcripts]]

[http://drmusic2-1.deviantart.com/art/Night-Of-The-EDiots-164324690 '''Author's Comments''']<br/>
A homage to Return Of The Living Dead and Evil Dead II.

EDiots are represented as being like zombies or deadites.

Encyclopedia Dramatica is represented as the source of the virus that infected DA and turned almost all of the Deviants into the afforementioned EDiots.

The Encyclopedia Dramaticon is represented as a parody of the Necronomicon - here refered to as The Book Of The Dumb.

The "Ash" character is represented as a character named Bruce who both looks and acts like Bruce Campbell.

Evil Dead/Evil Dead II/Army Of Darkness (C): Reinnassance Pictures, Universal Studios.

Encyclopedia Dramatica (C): Whoever the retarded owner of that site is.

Buck the singing deer head (C): Gemmy Industries. 

{{frame|Word had gotten out on Deviantart that numerous deviants had been infected with a virus that turned them all into horrible undead mindless zombies -  the souce of the virus was none other than Encyclopedia Dramatica.   And those mindless undead creatures were called EDiots.    

The only deviants who had not been infected were DrMusic2-1 and his da friends and watchers.

"We'll be safe in here."   DrMusic2-1 told his friends.

"I hope so."   Werekatt responded.

"Yeah,  these EDiots give me the creeps."    Blackbluedawg added.

"Well that certainly is convient."   Weremoose exclaimed. "There's an S-Mart right over there!"

The group headed over to S-Mart to stock up on weapons and survival items,  they were in the housewares department when the man running that particular department went up to them.

"Can I help you with something?"   The man asked.

The man looked very handsome and heroic,   he bore a resemblence to actor Bruce Campbell and even had a chainsaw on his back.

"Yes.  In fact....we could use your assistance good sir."    DrMusic2-1 replied.

"Well then.   You've come to the right guy.   Names Bruce,  housewares."   The man responded, smiling.

"Everyone on DA except us has been infected with a virus and now they're mindless undead zombie-like creatures."     Fulgorey2k explained.

"Zombie-like creatures you say?  Well then.  This looks like a job for me!"   The man responded.

"Well the source of the virus is a site called Encyclopedia Dramatica, it's a really horrible Wiki knock-off.   The virus causes people to turn into mindless undead creatures called EDiots."    Blackbluedawg told him.

"Ah yes, i've heard of those.   They walk around in a zombie-like manner looking all undeadish with their arms outstretched moaning..."Luuuuulz" in a way similar to how to the zombies from Return of the living dead moan "Braaaaains"."    The man cooed.  "I've dealt with the likes of them before."


"So you'll help us?"   AndriaKilgore responded.

"Sure."  The man replied.

"Good,  and just in time too.   There's some trying to get in."   One of DrMusic2-1's watchers pointed out.

And sure enough,  there were a whole group of EDiots trying to get into the store.

"Luulz."   The EDiots moaned in unisen.

"I'll handle this.   Sorry folks, the store is closed."   Bruce said.

"Luuuulz."   The EDiots moaned again.

"Sorry.  No "luulz"  here.  How about a fistful of BOOMSTICK instead?"   Bruce quipped.

Bruce got out his boomstick and shot a couple of the EDiots.

"Joooiiiiiiiiin us."   One of the EDiots moaned.

"Never!"   Bruce retorted.  "I'll never surrender."

"But it's so much fun being an undead Encyclopedia Dramatica worshipper.   Won't you join our evil army and jooooiin us?"   Another EDiot moaned.

"There's nothing fun about being undead or an Encyclopedia Dramatica reader."  Bruce retorted.

"But imagine the fun that you'd have if you joined us.  So just put down that gun and joiiiiin us."    The other EDiot moaned.

"Are you crazy?  There's no f***ing way i'd want to join you."   He retorted.

"What's the matter Brucey,  don't you want to look beautiful like me?"   The EDiot moaned.

"No thank you.  i'd rather look like that deer."     He retorted, pointing to the singing Buck deer head by Gemmy industries.

A clicking noise was heard as the deer head turned to face Bruce.

"Aaaaw, that's the nicest thing anyone's ever said to me."   The deer head sighed.

"You're alive?  But you're a toy deer head."   Bruce responded.

"Actually i'm a Dramatican Demon Deer and I am here to tell you all about the great things that you get if you join us."   The deer head replied.  "So sucumb to ED and joiiiin us."

"All of you shut up!"  Bruce retorted.

"But we've got your hand!"   One EDiot cooed.

"Ah ha!  But not for long you haven't."   He responded.

Bruce then got the chainsaw off his back and inserted it in the place of his left hand.

"I've got my chainsaw with me.   I never leave home without it.  And your time has just run out."    He quipped.  

He leaped into battle and fought off many EDiots with his chainsaw hand and his trusty boomstick while DrMusic2-1 and his watchers and friends helped by fending off the other group of EDiots with various hi-tech weapons.

The last remaining EDiots tried to gang up on Bruce,  but Bruce was too quick for them,  he used his powers of awesomeness to destroy them.  Blood and guts were flying all over the place.

"Groovy!"   He cooed, smiling.

"Wow.  That was incredible!"   DrMusic2-1 complimented. "How did you do THAT?"

"That my friend is a secret.  But an awesome secret at that."   He responded.  "Remember,  shop smart, shop s-mart."

"Thank goodness it's over.   I couldn't stand those EDiots."   Blackbluedawg added.

"Neither could I.  Those guys are morons even when they're undead."   AndriaKilgor responded.

"It is typical of EDiots to be both undead and stupid.   They never think twice."    He responded.

"I'm glad that's over!"  One of DrMusic2-1's watchers said.  "But what about this huge mess,  shouldn't somebody try to clean it up?"

"Attention, clean up in aisle 5."   Bruce quipped.

And with that DrMusic2-1,  his watchers and friends went back home,  but before they did that they burned and burried the Encyclopedia Dramaticon (Book Of The Dumb).

All of the infected deviants on DA got turned back to normal and the virus was vanquished.

And as for Bruce,  he became S-Mart's newest employee of the month.


The end. }}