DrMusic2/Werejohncandy tf guide
{{subpage|DrMusic2}}

[http://drmusic2-1.deviantart.com/art/Werejohncandy-tf-guide-148518190 '''Author's Comments''']<br>
This will tell you all you need to know about werejohncandy transformations.

{{frame|
First part of the transformation: Hands and upperbody.


This part of my WereJohnCandy transformation sequence is where the hands and rest of the upperbody change. The first set (10-40%) starts with the brown fur starting to grow on the hands and the fingernails growing into black claws, the second set (40-60%) shows the brown fur growing more and the fingers becoming slightly John Candy-like, the third set (60-80%) shows the brown fur nearly finished sprouting, the claws growing a bit longer and the fingers becoming more John Candy-like, and the final set (80-100%) has the brown fur on the hands which has completed sprouting, the claws are at proper werejohncandy claw length and the fingers have become very John Candy-like but still quite flexible. A Werejohncandys body is much larger than most of the creatures I've turned into because a Werejohncandy is about 6'2 and weighs 300lbs of fat, fur and cuteness, so with a Werejohncandy transformation the person turning into one grows 6'2 and gains 300lbs which is followed by lots of rippage (clothes bursting) with buttons flying off, the shirt ripping, etc. However when said werejohncandy returns to their human form their clothes appear to be all in one piece for some reason unknown (actually this happens when most werewolf or hulk type shapechangers turn back into their normal form much later after they've been turned into a monster or animal of some kind). WereJohnCandy hands are quite large and plump- they're often mistaken for "paws" but they're not- but they are large and very John Candy-like, have slightly longer claws and are more flexible.  They are modeled after John's own hands. A Werejohncandy's claws are used not only for combat, but also for climbing (despite their large size, the werejohncandy is a very good climber) and other things.


Second part of the transformation: The feet. 


This part of my werejohncandy transformation sequence is where the feet change into werejohncandy feet. Now werejohncandy feet are the same size as werejohncandy hands. And this part involves the shoes getting tight but then bursting as the feet become extremely John Candyish werejohncandy feet. Despite their ample frame- the Werejohncandy is extremely agile. The werejohncandy is a skilled hunter and is a very good fighter. They're ten times stronger than several of the previous creatures I've been turned in to and twice as powerful. Werejohncandys of all kinds have a variety of superpowers including immortality and invulnerability, they also can lift anything twice their own size and weight.   The werejohncandy's feet are modelled on the famous feet of the monster known as Bigfoot.



Final part of the transformation: Face.



This is the final part of my werejohncandy transformation sequence. This part is where the face morphs into a more John Candy-like face and the person's voice becomes John Candy's voice. Said person becoming a WereJohnCandy also develops pointy ears, cute fangs, a black nose, bushy eyebrows, glowing green eyes and a long lion-like mane. The Werejohncandy's extremely John Candy-like roar is so powerful it's on the same level of power and volume as MGM's famous mascot Leo the lion. A Werejohncandy's laugh is a very heartwarming sound indeed and it's easily reconsizable because it's John Candy's laugh as well. The werejohncandy transformation is a very wonderful and memorable process. A Werejohncandy in it's transformed state is a wonderful thing to behold. There are numerous advantages to being a Werejohncandy such as being able to get in for free at the movies, and because werejohncandys can transform at will- another advantage is that if you're a werejohncandy yourself you can easily avoid wearing iffy clothes your mother makes you wear to social events and similar things by turning into werejohncandy form and bursting out of them (say your dear old auntie/grandmamama has sent you a really ugly sweater with a picture of a chicken and some pathetic saying or greeting, on it no need to fret, just turn into a werejohncandy and burst right out of that hideous excuse for a sweater), another advantage of werejohncandyism is that you can eat whatever you want and never ever get sick. Werejohncandyism is fun. And becoming one is very rewarding. However turning yourself into one can be very difficult, because there are quite few ways to become one and each one of them is very interesting. The first one is this: You can easily become a Werejohncandy on your birthday- if you share a birthday on the same day as John Candy or have a birthday on the day of his death- and it just so happens to be a full moon night, you'll turn into a Werejohncandy in no time. The second one is this: If you are a blood relative of John Candy- then you are most likely to become a Werejohncandy on the first full moon night of every month especially during the month of October. And the absolutely foolproof way to become one is this: Watch a lot of John Candy movies on the night of a full moon, then build a shrine, then leave out a peace offering for John Candy's ghost (the peace offering must be food of some kind or something else that he would love), when that's done you'll get visited by John Candy's ghost, he will either ask you to do something for him or if he can hang out with you for a while, he's also able to give you the power to turn into a werejohncandy but here's the thing it really depends on if he likes you or not- if he likes you because you've been really good to him or something then he gives you the power to turn into a Werejohncandy as a reward, but if he doesn't like you because you've been bad to him or something even worse- he gives you the Werejohncandy curse as a punishment. There are basically several different ways to become a large Werejohncandy and the ones i've just mentioned are just a few of them.}}

[[Category:Transcripts]]