Ickeriss69/kidnapped
{{main|Ickeriss69}}

well I got back to the states the 15th of May last year. Just before 12 am of the 16th I stepped out of that plane in the states on my own. Grandparents picked me up took me home, ate, and fell asleep. Next morning I got up and went with Donna to go visit our old friend Stephen up in Iowa. We partied fucking hard for 2 days and I came back down to IL. Now, my friend you knew before I left Germany I was doing foolish things upon the Internet. But most of you do not know the full extent; for I did not tell you guy everything. A full month before I'd left I'd be engaged in an activity called "Internet trolling". Now this consists on a person of a high intelligence score disagrees with some one of a charisma score of 6 or lower. Now the person I'd been trolling was an insane fat mall Goth girl. I mean fat, man. Monstrously fat. Now my part in this plot against a fat girl was the part of the e-lover. I made this girl fall in love with me. I tricked and pulled her heart. I did this with the up most cunning and cruelty in mind. Why sir? Why would your humble friend do this? 

For the lulz son. 

Now, as I said I had tricked the whale into loving me. Feeding my dearest friends with the information she gave me. Such as her doing meth. And being molested by her uncle. It was hilarious. 

Now as I've said, this was before I'd even left Germany, and it had been going on for some time. Once I'd heard I was leaving, I was excited. I was going to start fresh and wash my hands of everything. I get to the states. I had the fun of Iowa to start it out with. I figured, things are going good. I was dearly wrong. 

I'm just getting home from Iowa, I'm passed out in my new room thinking about all the fun I had. I drift asleep happy. Fast-forward a few hours. Its 3 am. The phone next to my head is ringing and I'm a bit pissed. I pick up and ask who it is. 

BABY I'M ALMOST THERE, JUST 5 MORE MINUTES BABY 

"Who is this?" I replied 

BABY ITS ME, ITS BRITNEY 

Something inside me screams. 

I hung up the phone, and I sat there. Terrified. For the first time in my whole life I have actually been really dreading somethings arrival. I normally looked on in joy to awful things you see coming because its just awesome. But wow. 

I hear a knock at the door. I don't know what to do. I answer. A fat figure tumbles in. I'm getting hugged tightly by a figure much larger then myself. 

I say "Heyyyy babyyyy" voice held from laughing by terror. 

She tells me how happy she is we've finally met. How we can finally be together. She tells me we have to leave. I freak. 

"I can't go with you I just got back; I've got shit I have to do. Like serious shit for my life. I can't go with you." 

I paid two friends to come here with me to get you 

My mind, it screams "BALLLLSSSSSSSSSS". But not for a moment to I regret this horror. For its so new, and fucked, and awesome. I might die in the next few moments by a huge insane fat Goth chick might kill me. 

But after a few more words of advice she had to offer me, I was on my way in a tightly packed ghetto truck between a seat, a window, and a fat girl. I lamented on the irony and wondered if I'd even be able to get a message to the world of what the fuck was happening. The whole, I felt grease upon my face as it smacked its lips on me. I know of what Lovecraft wrote from actually encounter. About 20 or so miles from her house, the car we were in ran out of gas. I have no idea how long I slept in that cold, cramp car with it holding me, but the sleep was not peaceful. I woke up to a cop outside the car at one point, him looking inside, at me and the thing. I wanted to scream and grab him. But it was so funny. What would've better? Grabbing the cop and getting away unharmed or scared or sitting this out. Its arms were around me, so I made not a move. Its two friends came back with gas, and we were on our way. 

It smelled of animals. We walked into its home, a one story shared by at least 7 other family members, yet still including the supposed molesting uncle. Sharing two bed rooms and one bath room. I slept in the living room. A blanket on top and under me, along with Kirby spooning me. For I thought her body round, as Kirby. That was perhaps the lowest point yet in my life, but I could not stop laughing inside. The aesthetic absurdity too beautiful. Yet this was not yet the worst. 

For this was one day. 

The second day finally came. She was wearing her finest hot topic trench coat, boots, and skirt with chains. She watched all three House of the Dead movies, which was a torture in and of itself. You know how like, if you cut off your hand, the best way to make it stop hurting is hurt yourself another way. House of the Dead saved my sanity for a few more hours. 

But she had her grandmother take us to a hotel. I'd hoped it meant just her wanting to be away from them. Well I was sort of right. But let me detail. We got there. As we pulled up, police were removing a man in his bath robe away from his room, woman holding child for dear life not more than 10 feet away. My jaw dropped. She got a room there. I smoked with her, spoke with her a bit. She called one of her friends and spoke to him about how she was in a hotel with me. I didn't like this one bit. What if they're planning to kill me? Balls. So I hopped into the shower. Having not gotten one the day before, in that house full of 8 to 9 people at a time. 

I hadn't locked the door. 

It walked in. It had pulled the curtain away. I looked up. It was naked and bloated. Whole strips of the legs, unshaven. Pimples and blemished skin everywhere. In an instant, a Captain Morgan pose was formed, a tampon was pulled from between the legs, blood splatting out as if a knife was pulled from a wound. 

I knew what the dead lights were all about. The moment of absolute horror striking ones soul. 

Baby, I want you. 

Ive no time to think I start saying whatever comes to mind Its its too soon. Im not ready for this yet. I mean, youre bleeding. I dont want to like, push you into this you know? It isnt right to do this 

Fat tears start You dont want me, Im not what you wanted. I cant believe this, what am I.. 

NO, its ok its not that Im just NOT ready. 

I slept on the floor. The next morning I see blood on the sheets. I feel bad to the hotel. 

We left that day, the third one, heading back to where it started. On the way there, purest fucking chance caught me sighting a one of my family; I managed to dip out from the car claiming a bathroom run. I got in the car and got the fuck out. 

This was my first fucking week back here.....


== See Also ==
*[[Ickeriss69]]
*[[Brittany Holechko]]
[[Category: Transcripts]]