My Chemical Romance/Rant
{{subpage|My Chemical Romance}}
==TL;DR==
If you can't accept that someone likes something, like a band for example, then there is something seriously wrong with you.
This article was the last straw.
I don't care if that site tries to be funny or not - just about everything I've read on this site is offensive in some way. I can usually handle insults towards My Chem because I understand that not everyone is going to like them, but this...I've had it. I have fucking had it with you bastards thinking that you know everything. 
My Chemical Romance is NOT a suicide cult. You can protest all you want, but really, how many people have died because of them? One stupid girl who took their music the wrong way. That was ONE girl, out of 4 billion people in the world. Fucking ONE. I haven't heard anyone else commiting suicide because of them, and I damn hope it never happens again. I'm sure you didn't know that the very thing that inspired Gerry to form the band was when he witnessed the 9/11 attack. I'm sure you're thinking right now that THAT right there is the perfect reason why they're a suicide cult, but it's not. He's said himself that after witnessing that horrible event, that he wanted to do something in this world. He wants to help us, not kill us! For him and Mikey, depression is genetic, even. So they know what it's like to be us. In fact, the band even saved Gerard's life. It gave him a reason to keep going.
Which brings me to our next topic: My Chemical Romance saves lives. Don't believe it? Screw you emotionless motherfuckers. I've heard the stories, I've even experianced it a little myself. For some fans, they're heroes. For others, they're just one of their favorite bands, but that doesn't mean they don't believe they can save lives. My Chem gave me hope. Whenever I'm feeling down, they give me hope for the future. They've helped me up when I stumble more times then I can count, and for that, I'll never stop being a fan. Even when they break up and stop making music (because we all know that it'll happen eventually), I'll continue to be a fan because that's how much of an impact they've made on my life.
Not all My Chemical Romance fans are emo. In fact, you don't have to be emo to like them! You don't need you life to be saved, you don't have to be cutting yourself - you can be an everyday person and still like them. I know plenty of people in real life that don't have issues and like them! In fact, I don't even cut myself. I just struggle a little with depression, or rather, just feeling depressed. There's no knowing if it's real or if I'm just being emotional. And just for the record, not all emos like Twilight. I for one hate Twilight with every fiber of my being. Also, since we're on the topic, not all emos cut themselves. I bet you're thinking now that we have to cut in order to be emo, but that's not true. I consider myself emo, and I wouldn't even dream about slitting my wrists. I don't have a reason to.
The band members. Yes, we had to get to those "fags" eventually. They are NOT fags. Yeah, Gerard can be a little out there, but don't go thinking that it's abnormal for a guy to be...I dunno, THEATRICAL? At least half of the boys that go to my school perform in musicals and enjoy it. Guys perform in musicals every day even! It's not unheard of. So don't hold it against Gerard to be out there, because that's who he is: a theatrical person. And since you haters seem to be out of date - ALL of the band members are married, and two have children. Gerard has a girl named Bandit, and Frank has female twins. Oh yes, Frerard. I honestly have no idea what was up with that, but I think it was just because. A lot of MCR fans are a little crazy about pairing the guys up with each other...but I'm not. It creeps me out. A lot. But I have to admit, it does add to the excitement while they're on stage. I swear to god at least half the people in the world have had a gay moment, and Gerard and Frank are definitely two of them. The guys are just being guys. End of story.
In the article above, it describes the fans as "Pretentious spoiled rich kids coming from various parts of Surrey, Greater London, and the whole of the United States trying to rebel "the system". Identifiable by the fact that they look like girls and their complete lack of humor they are often seen hanging around local parks looking like anti depressant addicted fags, or for those who really want to seem like a complete pile of shit, crying at music concerts. "
Not true. I, for one, am not rich. It took me two months to save up for a 100 dollar jacket I wanted. If I were rich, I could have gotten five of them. It also takes a lot to make me cry. I can't just break down for no reason, there has to be a reason.
We are NOT all the same. But I'm sure that we only have a bad name because of the majority of use that truly are cutters and overly sensitive, but not all of us are like that.
Also looking at the article, I noticed that one of the quotes shown at the bottom mentioned that we wouldn't let the writer of the article say their opinion on the band with critisism or something like that. Actually, the quote is right here:
"funny how all these dick cunts are like defending their personal opinion on these mcr buck toothed mop headed faggots but yet they wont let the person(s) who wrote the articles' point of view be expressed without critisism. shame on you you self-contradictive fat pink-racoon-loving pre-teen whores"
There was absolutely NO critisism involved in that article. It insulted the band AND it's fans from beginning to end non-stop! That's not critisism last I checked, that's being a total shit-head.
The music. Of course. I prefer to call it "rock" simply because I hate the term emo, thanks to all of you emo hating bastards. Everyone has different tastes in music. Yes, it's the sad truth my friend. Not EVERYONE is going to like every single fucking band. Not EVERYONE is going to like rock or metal or country. What so many people fail to do is accept the fact that someone loves the things you hate. As an example: I hate Twilight. A lot. BUT, I am friends with a girl who likes it, and so long as she doesn't try and stab me with a pencil just to get me to like that piece of crap, I'm cool with it. My cousin likes Hip-Hop/R&B/Soul, which is all music I HATE, but I'm not trying to threaten her into liking MCR, am I? No.
Finally, the only reason we defend this band so hard is because of people like YOU. The haters. It's the sad truth. If you hadn't gone all 'OMG YOU EMO FUCKERS MCR SUCK AND THEY'RE ALL STUPID FAGS' then maybe we'd have been nicer about it. It's like how the emo haters are the reason that emos are emo and cut themselves. Or rather: it's the people that don't care that make us sad. I should know.
If this didn't make you understand, you're a lost cause. Now go fuck yourself if you have anything else insulting them that you want to say.
Or maybe we can all just fucking get along for once.
[[Category:Music]]

----

Cool story, bro. Okay. If you haven't noticed, this isn't a serious site. It dissed a lot of stuff I love, it hurts but I get over it because I'm open-minded. Sweet Jesus. I'm a big fan of Metal and there's a page that insults that. Not everybody likes the same thing as you also, even the articles that insult what I like I read ? Why ? I think that they're pretty funny. Sure, people are insulting them but that's how they express themselves. Everybody has different ways of expressing themselves.
Also. I'm guessing that you consider yourself Emo? (No, I could not read that) I think that everybody who labels themselves as an Emo are simply trying to fit in. Listening to MCR wearing black etc. does not make you Emo. MCR isn't even Emo. Nobody is Emo. That shit pisses me off. You label yourself as Emo so you are trying to fit in with some type of clique. This is just a phase. Is this who you are ? If you truly are Emo, you will be Emo for the rest of your life. (:
This is what I believe in. It felt good expressing myself. If you disagree with me, diss something you hate. Trust me, it feels good.