PROJECT CHANOLOGY/Mission Directiva
{{subpage|PROJECT CHANOLOGY}}

{{squote|ATTENTION FAGS: Excert from the MISSION DIRECTIVA:

...

CHAPTER 4.3; Facing the beast

In before the upcoming activism, it is imperative that you understand on how to handle facing the largest, richest and most sinister cult known to man face to face. Do not fool yourselves, newfags, that anonymous can forcibly take down the walls of an organization larger and stronger than a small country within a few months simply by dancing in front of their offices; Years of resistance lie ahead and this will be but a first push of many.

The target is undeniably the Church of Scientology, but attacking them directly by any means would attach the notion of terrorism to our cause in the eye of the media and strike us out as evil, impeding our momentum and grinding our advance into a halt. The tool, the raw power, the mean of the downfall of the secular cult can only pass through the hands of the public. It is the public that is our target. We are to wake them up, to inform them, to arm them with facts and to eventually assimilate them into our very body. 

When operating around the different churches, concentrate solely on the passing audience. Ask them for help against the Church. Hand out flyers with facts, with notions on the persecutions that wait those that oppose or publically critisize them. Make it clear that you are in fact, masked or not, risking your LIFE in your attempt to raise the attention of your fellow man. Provide sensible, down-to-earth arguments about the beast that lurks within our own society, sucking it's reserves dry. Do NOT under any circumstances engage the public with "XENU XENU" or spraying them clean with memes and desperate cackle. Such would only serve to alienate the human resources of the broad publicum.

To Scientologists, any negative notion about them is a direct poison. It stuns their minds and hurts them physically. Their pain threshold is low and their juridical branch is quick to dominate and blackmail their way to establish retribution. As we gather, as we speak, as we act, we already know that we will eventually become their main targets. Therefore it is essential that we will not lose any members or reputation to this holocaust against free speech. It is essential that we don't appear as naught but the ideological resistance against a massive foundation of secrecy and persecution. It is essential that we do not give them possibility to use the very law enforcement created to protect us to strip us of our rights and legally destroy our very thoughts.

Do NOT, and this cannot be stressed enough, do not under ANY circumstances engage the members of Scientology that surely will rush out to obstruct your sacred duties towards mankind. IGNORE ALL THEIR QUESTIONS, ignore all their insults, IGNORE ANYTHING THEY SAY! They are already brainwashed, there is nothing you can do to save them at the moment. Be civil, be courteous, be intelligent. If they come too close, tell them to back off, tell them to stop pushing you, attract the attention of bypassers to see with their own eyes how opponents of the Church are persecuted, call for a camera.

If you are pushed, pinched, hit or maimed, DO NOT RESIST! Take the pain for the good of mankind, bleed and weep in front of their windows. Inhale, YOU'RE THE VICTIM!

If executed correctly, this mission CAN NOT FAIL. If CoS leaves us alone, we will proceed on educating the grey masses on the dangers with their cult. If CoS harasses us, the amount negative attention they inflict upon themselves will work to our outmost advantage. If they drive us off their immediate property using dubious law enforcement individuals, we gain BOTH (and can proceed the mission in direct conjunction to the ban). In any provided case, we win. In any case we win, we will end up rallying more supporters to our holy cause. If we end up rallying more supporters, we can do this again... and again. In the end, we may gain enough support to widely outnumber their attempts of silencing our word and we may thus become impervious. THAT is when our word will MATTER. That is when the resistance can BEGIN.

Remember that the target is the PUBLIC. It takes but a few deranged idiots among our ranks to sink the whole project. If any of ours start to portray themselves incoherently, run up and hug them in a protective manner, screaming "DON'T DO IT DAVID!!" coupled with a reference to the tragedy of Mitch. Under risk of failure, do not let your brothers and sisters stray.

...

Only a fool would believe that the Church sections around the world do not prepare for the upcoming storm. Only a fool would not prepare. Friends and enemies of all kinds, for the good of mankind, unite! If we do it right we cannot fail; Spread the word and RISE, MY BROTHERS AND SISTERS!!| Dmitri Harkonnen}}

[[Category: Transcripts]]