Roblox/Copypasta
==The Story of Telamon and Builderman==
A story about sex. Skip this if you can't handle it.
(AKA Telamon's Bonus)

(You can post this in the forums and not get filtered)

'''Kindly written by one lovely faggot from Roblox.'''
 
Telamon moved his toung up and down Builderman's shaft. "Ohh... Tel-... amon... You're ama-... zing" Builderman complimented Telamon. Suddenly Telamon put his whole mouth over Builderman's member and bobbed his head up and down while tounging Builderman's tip. The hot beath on his phal‬lus was amazing it felt like heaven to him. Then it felt different, 'what was Telamon doing?' Builderman thought. Suddenly it struck him, Telamon was now su‬ck‬ing on his er‬e‬ct member. "Ohh... w.. wow..." Builderman panted. And suddenly a boiling feeling swelled up in his lo‬ins and went through his whole body. "TELAMOOOOOON!!!" Builderman cried as he hit his climax, causing him to come into Telamon's mouth. 
Telamon began suck‬ing up the salty, and slightly bitter, nector from Builderman's member. "Mmmm, you taste great Builderman," Telamon said while trying to catch his breath. Then Telamon turned around and bent over "ok... ready.. you promised that it would... feel good right?" Telamon asked in an unsure way. "Yeah, but it might hurt a bit first" warned Builderman as he slided is lubricated co‬‬ck into Telamon's an‬‬us. "AUGH!!!!" Telamon yelped as Builderman went deeper in. 

At first it hurt, it hurt a lot, then the pain started to numb away and the way it rubbed Telamon's an‬u‬s made it feel like he was cumming with every thrust. But he knew it was just a trick to his body. Then Builderman reached down and grabbed Telamon's pha‬llus and began stroking the shaft. They both were getting exausted and Telamon felt like his arms would give and he would fall onto the floor but he tried his hardest to stay up. 

Then Telamon felt it, a boiling sensation running through his body, this pleasure was the best he'd ever had, soon enough he hit his climax and the contractions in his an‬us that were caused by his pleasure was the last straw on Builderman as he also came. The feeling of coming together was pure bliss. Soon after they had had their 'fun' they were so exausted that they collapsed onto the floor. "I- I love you buil-..." Telamon admitted while in his afterglow. "I love you too Tela" Builderman responded with a smirk. Qucikly after they fell asleep next to eachother having great dreams about their future 'business'

==The Story of Brighteyes and Reese==
(AKA Brighteye's Bonus)

"Brighteyes, this is slightly uncomfortable-Whoa!" Reese yelled softly as Brighteyed knocked her to her back, the soft bed breaking the fall. "W-What are you doing-Ah …" Reese's questioning turned into a soft moan as she looked down - Brighteyes had somehow already gotten her top off and across the room, and her small mouth was surrounding Reese's left dot, suckling it softly. Brighteyes looked up, her catlike grin still on her face. 

"Reese, I've always wondered what this would be like. Is this alright?" Brighteyes asked, tilting her head. Normally, Reese would have tried to get out of it from shyness, but all she could manage to do was nod. Brighteyes nodded in return, her head moving down once more, continuing her action. 

"Brighteyes … This is so heavenly …" Reese moaned softly, running her fingers through Brighteye's brown hair. She felt her dots harden as Brighteyes tweaked them with her thumb and index fingers. "I think I would like to do more, if that's okay." 

"Reese … Are you positive?" Brighteyes looked taken back, surprised at Reese's sudden proposal. Reese nodded, moving away from the bed and gripping the sides of her skirt, beginning to push it down. Brighteyes stood across from her, also beginning to take off; the girls were in their uniforms since they were in work earlier in the day, so taking off the uniform took no time at all. Brighteyes looked amazed once more as she saw Reese's nude figure - Perfect curves, supple dots, and a small amount of brown hair around her opening. 

"Brighteyes, would you touch me, please?" Reese said, sitting at the top of Brighteye's bed and opening her legs. Brighteyes nodded, moving across from her and sliding two fingers inside of the girl's opening. Reese's eyes were half-closed, the girl feeling as if she were on cloud nine as Brighteye's fingers were thrusting inside and out of her body. "Brighteyes, you are amazing …" 

Don't blame me.

AS they finished their AWESUM SMEXY BLOCK SMEX THEY ENJOYED IT and they lived happily ever fucker

==Reese's Big Raise==

"Are you ready to get it on, Reese?" Telamon asked as he rem*oved all this clothing. Reese replied with a smirk, "I'm always ready, ba*by..." Telamon pushed Reese onto the b*ed, and then Telamon sat under Reese's meshes, where he slipped his member in between them. Reese took her hands and used her meshes to rub Telamon's member. "Mmm..." Telamon mumbled as he felt a overtaking sensation pulse through his body. Then, Reese grinned and she slid her mouth over Telamon's member. She started to suck his member with a smile. She started suc*k faster and harder. "Urg... Reese... I'm gonna c*u*m..." Telamon said. He then reached cli*max and shot a sticky, juicy white liquid into her mouth. Reese swallowed it and said, "Mmm... Your cu*m is delicious..." then she looked at Telamon and said, "Now it's your turn." 

Reese spread her legs apart, revealing the wet, lu*kewarm admin that was hidden between her legs. "C'mon Shedletsky... Stick in there and do me HARD," she commanded. With a nod, Telamon slowly pen*et*rated Reese's admin with his member. "AUGH!" Reese yelped as an amazing sensation flowed throughout her body. Telamon started thrusting slowly, groping Reese's meshes to intensify the plea*sure. Reese blus*hed heavily as Telamon thrus*ted his member in and out. "Y-you're so good a-at this..." Reese complimented. A translucent liquid was flowing out of Reese's member. Telamon and Reese were both panting intensely. "Ahh~ Oh yeah... Ah~ AH~ ♥ Mmm... Faster Telamon! FASTER!" Reese moaned as she felt another layer of sensation through her body. Telamon thrus*ted faster, causing Reese to moan louder. "AHH~ OH YEAH UNN~ ♥♥♥ KEEP IT COMING TELAMON!" Reese yelled. The two were reaching their cli*max. "TELAMON, I'M GONNA... TEEELLLAAAMOOONN!!" Reese yelled in climax. "I'M C*UM*MING!" Telamon shouted. He released another round of that same juicy fluid out of his member, some of it dripping out. "I lo*ve you... Telamon..." Reese said. "I lo*ve you too, Reese..." Telamon responded, smiling. 

Then, all of a sudden, the door opened. And standing there, was Builderman, gaping in awe at what he saw. 

"B-builderman, it's not what you think!" 

Telamon had chea*ted on him...
 
==The Story of MSE6 and Brighteyes (MSE6 bonus)==

So all of the Off Topic forum wanted one. Now read and circlejerk yourself as I use some niggerfaggots IP and write this.

"Are you sure about this?" squeeled MSE as brighteyes undid her pants. "Yes im sure, MSE" brighteyes said in an erotic manor.
"Ok," said MSE. Brighteyes then pulled off MSE's pants and took her panties off. She then placed her finger, gently around
MSE's clit. "Ohh..." said MSE. Brighteyes then took her finger and made MSE sniff it. "Plesant..." MSE said with an erotic moan.
Brighteyes then took her finger, ramming it in MSE's pussy. "AUGH!!!" mse6 screamed after a moment of pure bliss

Just then, RobloTim, bursted in trying to see if everything is alright. "ARe you guys o-" he was cut off as he saw what they were up to.
Brighteyes, turned her head. Mse6, then getting horny, kicked brighteyes off the bed. Roblotim then looked in fear as MSE was coming for him.
"Its alright" Said mse6, groping Tims phallus. Tim, not sure what to do, let his hormones take control. He placed a hand on MSE6's breast.
MSE, then undid his zipper and went down, taking his shaft out and went down on it, as if it were a very skinny, but long popsicle. 
Tim, then picked her up, placing her on the desk and stick his member into her admin. Going like a rabbit, he then failed to notice brighteyes.
Mse popped out her boobs to distract Tim.

Mse then had a look, a sadistic grin on her face. Tim looked at her asking "Whats the matter?" 
But it was too late. Brighteyes then took a stapler and stapled his nuts to the desk. Taking an exactor knife, she cut his shaft off. 
She then ate it right in front of him. Screaming in pain, tim then rolled off the desk to fall onto the floor.
Mse, in a panic ran off the desk to get out of the room, but found the door was locked. Brighteyes then chucked the exactor at her pussy,
making her fall to the ground. After bright was done, she walked outside to go home.

==Telamon's Adventure ==

(Telamon's Adventure is the master collection of the series featuring Telamon's Bonus. It can easily be broken down into 3 parts: part 1 where nothing happens, part 2 which is Telamon's Bonus, part 3 Telamon gets a little boy to fuck with)

One day Telamon was feeling quite greedy and wanted more money. So he decided to go ask Builderman for a raise in pay.

“Hey Builderman, can I get more money?” Telamon asked Builderman.

“Why sure, here you go” Builderman responded while holding a handful of cash.

Telamon took the cash greedily and thought, 'Oh boy I can't believe it worked!' A wide grin grew across Telamon's face.

“But you'll have to earn that bonus” Builderman said in an erotic tone as he tackled Telamon to the floor.

***
 
Telamon moved his toung up and down Builderman's shaft. "Ohh... Tel-... amon... You're ama-... zing" Builderman complimented Telamon. Suddenly Telamon put his whole mouth over Builderman's member and bobbed his head up and down while tounging Builderman's tip. The hot beath on his phal‬lus was amazing it felt like heaven to him. Then it felt different, 'what was Telamon doing?' Builderman thought. Suddenly it struck him, Telamon was now su‬ck‬ing on his er‬e‬ct member. "Ohh... w.. wow..." Builderman panted. And suddenly a boiling feeling swelled up in his lo‬ins and went through his whole body. "TELAMOOOOOON!!!" Builderman cried as he hit his climax, causing him to come into Telamon's mouth. Telamon began suck‬ing up the salty, and slightly bitter, nector from Builderman's member. "Mmmm, you taste great Builderman," Telamon said while trying to catch his breath. Then Telamon turned around and bent over "ok... ready.. you promised that it would... feel good right?" Telamon asked in an unsure way. "Yeah, but it might hurt a bit first" warned Builderman as he slided is lubricated co‬‬ck into Telamon's an‬‬us. "AUGH!!!!" Telamon yelped as Builderman went deeper in.

At first it hurt, it hurt a lot, then the pain started to numb away and the way it rubbed Telamon's an‬u‬s made it feel like he was cumming with every thrust. But he knew it was just a trick to his body. Then Builderman reached down and grabbed Telamon's pha‬llus and began stroking the shaft. They both were getting exausted and Telamon felt like his arms would give and he would fall onto the floor but he tried his hardest to stay up.

Then Telamon felt it, a boiling sensation running through his body, this pleasure was the best he'd ever had, soon enough he hit his climax and the contractions in his an‬us that were caused by his pleasure was the last straw on Builderman as he also came. The feeling of coming together was pure bliss. Soon after they had had their 'fun' they were so exausted that they collapsed onto the floor. "I- I love you buil-..." Telamon admitted while in his afterglow. "I love you too Tela" Builderman responded with a smirk. Qucikly after they fell asleep next to eachother having great dreams about their future 'business'

***

A few days after Builderman and Telamon's encounter, Telamon had an important meeting with a young player who wanted to appeal his ban.

“Hello, and who are you?” Telamon asked the young boy.

“I'm SonicTheHedgehogXX, sir.” The boy answered.

“Well then how old are you?”

“I am 12, sir.”

Telamon looked a little disappointed and asked “Well then, why is a 12 year old doing something as stupid as what you've done?”

“I know what I did was bad and I can pay any amount to get my account back, I have a very popular group the needs me.” Sonic responded in a rude tone.

“How about we just make a deal instead?” Telamon said in a suggestive tone. “In exchange for doing whatever I want, no questions asked, for one day, I will unban your account.”

'This is great, I can just do chores instead of using my money to get my account back!' Sonic thought as a bright look appeared on his face. “Sure, lets make this a deal!” Sonic said as he agreed to Telamon's suggestion.

“Then lets shake on it.” Telamon said while reaching out his hand. Sonic happily reached his hand out too as they shook each others hands to seal the deal. “Now that that's all good and done, bend over.” Telamon said with a smirk on his face.

“W- what?” Sonic asked in confusion.

“Ah-ah-ah, no questions asked, remember? Now, bend over” Telamon demanded “Oh, and while you're at it, call me master”

Sonic reluctantly did as he was told and bent over in front of Telamon. Telamon reached down and pulled off Sonic's pants, revealing his virgin ass. Soon he proceeded to remove his own trousers and he knelt down and began inspecting Sonic's bottom.

“Hmmm, it must be your first time so I'd better break you in” Telamon said while rubbing his cock to make it hard, “I guess I won't be using any lube”

Suddenly Telamon thrust his bone try phallus into Sonic's virgin anus. It was excruciating, Telamon's cock was pounding his ass with so much friction is felt like his insides were going to tear out. Sonic wanted to scream but Telamon had his hand over the young boy's mouth, the only sounds he could make here grunts and muffled yells.

“Hey, Telamon did you eat my chicken fritters again?” A voice asked "I swear you eat like a nigger, Telamon" Redtears commented as he entered the room. As soon as he saw the two people fucking he left as if he had not seen anything.

Then Telamon jerked his phallus out of Sonic's bleeding ass. After pulling his dick out he saw that sonic's ass was inside out a bit and hung out like a sock. “Nice pink stalking, candy boy” Telamon commented on his work as he walked over to Sonic's face.

Quickly, he jammed his bloody cock into Sonic's mouth, creating a ring of blood around his lips which looked a lot like a strawberry donut. He began thrusting in and out of Sonic mouth and soon Telamon said, “I'm going to come soon”

Telamon's white, gooey seed was released into the boy's mouth. Sonic began gagging and coughing. “You'd better swallow it all” Telamon said in a stern voice as Sonic complied.

A ringing noise interrupted the two as sonic reached for his cellphone. “Hello?” Sonic said as he answered his phone. His face turned pale as he heard what had happened. “T-telamon, my dad died in a car crash and I need to go see him!”

“You're supposed to call me master remember?” Telamon reminded Sonic.

“Well, then 'master' can I please go see my dad...?” Sonic asked in a very disturbed tone.

“Sure, I'll come with you though. I have an idea of what we can do for fun...”

They eventually reached the morgue for Sonic to see his father one last time.

His body was cut up pretty bad but it was pretty obvious that the body looked much worse before they arrived. “I'll let you have some time alone to grieve” said the person working at the morgue as he left the room.

Sonic knelt down next to his father and cried. Suddenly Telamon reached down to Sonic's crotch and rubbed his penis through his pants. “Lets give him one last run, ok my candy boy?” Telamon suggested.

Sonic then got the corpse of his father and because of Telamon's rubbing his phallus was pretty hard so when he inserted it into his dead father's anus it wasn't too much of a problem.

As he was thrusting in and out of the corpse his dick had hit a nerve in his father's prostate and some precome had slipped out of the dead body's penis.

“oh, it looks like a part of him hadn't died completely.” Telamon commented as he licked up the corpse's spunk.

As Sonic was thrusting in and out of his dead father's ass he began to feel a sensation in his groin. It felt like he had to pee but it was much stronger than that and he could not hold it back any longer as he came into the dead body of his dad's anus.

“looks like you've finished, well how was it?” Telamon asked Sonic.

“It was better than I could have ever imagined” Sonic replied in his afterglow.

“well then let's go back to the HQ” Telamon said with a disturbing smile.

Later at the RobloxHQ Sonic was told to wait in a room while his 'master' Telamon went to go get something for their last 'game'.

Telamon waked in with a bright brown Great Dane dog. “Builderman let me borrow him for this, now lets get started” Telamon said as he began taking off his and Sonic's clothes.

Telamon began rubbing the dog's sheathe as it's red member emerged from it's hiding place. Telamon licked his lips as he shoved the animal's phallus in his mouth.

The dog moved a bit towards Sonic who was bent over and the dog began licking Sonic's anus. His ass was still soar from Telamon's pounding earlier but he couldn't help but get hard from it. He then turned around to see what the dog was doing and then the dog moved up to Sonic's face and started licking his face with the same tongue that was in his ass. Sonic opened his mouth and let the dog lick the inside of his mouth.

Sonic began masturbating as he and the dog french kissed and soon enough the young boy came and fell down to rest. The dog on the other hand was still building up it's climax as Telamon was sucking his erect member.

After a bit of licking, sucking, and blowing the big dog finally released it's load all over Telamon's face. “well that was pretty fun” Telamon said while licking his lips. “But it looks like your end of the deal is over, my candy boy, so I'll go clean up and unban your account.

“Great.. Thanks..” Sonic said.

And with Telamon true to his word SonicTheHedgehogXX's account was restored as part of the deal.

==Telamon's Bonus==
<blockquote>
Telamon moved his [[lol|tounge]] up and down Builderman's shaft. "Ohh... Tel-... amon... You're ama-... zing" Builderman complimented Telamon. Suddenly Telamon put his whole mouth over Builderman's member and bobbed his head up and down while tounging Builderman's tip. The hot beath on his phal‬lus was amazing it felt like heaven to him. Then it felt different, 'what was Telamon doing?' Builderman thought. Suddenly it struck him, Telamon was now su‬ck‬ing on his er‬e‬ct member. "Ohh... w.. wow..." Builderman panted. And suddenly a boiling feeling swelled up in his lo‬ins and went through his whole body. "TELAMOOOOOON!!!" Builderman cried as he hit his climax, causing him to come into Telamon's mouth.

Telamon began suck‬ing up the salty, and slightly bitter, nector from Builderman's member. "Mmmm, you taste great Builderman," Telamon said while trying to catch his breath. Then Telamon turned around and bent over "ok... ready.. you promised that it would... feel good right?" Telamon asked in an unsure way. "Yeah, but it might hurt a bit first" warned Builderman as he slided is lubricated co‬‬ck into Telamon's an‬‬us. "AUGH!!!!" Telamon yelped as Builderman went deeper in.

At first it hurt, it hurt a lot, then the pain started to numb away and the way it rubbed Telamon's an‬u‬s made it feel like he was cumming with every thrust. But he knew it was just a trick to his body. Then Builderman reached down and grabbed Telamon's pha‬llus and began stroking the shaft. They both were getting exausted and Telamon felt like his arms would give and he would fall onto the floor but he tried his hardest to stay up.

Then Telamon felt it, a boiling sensation running through his body, this pleasure was the best he'd ever had, soon enough he hit his climax and the contractions in his an‬us that were caused by his pleasure was the last straw on Builderman as he also came. The feeling of coming together was pure bliss. Soon after they had had their 'fun' they were so exausted that they collapsed onto the floor. "I- I love you buil-..." Telamon admitted while in his afterglow. "I love you too Tela" Builderman responded with a smirk. Qucikly after they fell asleep next to eachother having great dreams about their future 'business'.