Deeker/Stories
{{main|Deeker}}

==The Freeing of the Child a short story==

	At the harrington orphanage, a young child named 
Matthew Marriri lives there awaiting for someone to adopt 
him. He's been there for about a year and a half do to the 
reason that his mom and dad were killed in a car wreck and 
had no relatives alive. So after the tragic wreck he was 
sent to a hospital to recover from the wreck and than sent 
to the orphanage to stay until someone could adopt him.
	That day arrived and a couple by the names of, Kurt and 
Wendy Palmer. They said if only we had a son we would be 
very happy. So the couple went to the office to sign the 
papers to make Matthew their son after the signing and 
waiting for their new son to come to the office. As Matthew 
entered the office Wendy started to cry and ran over to her 
new son she took him in her arms and said lets go home as 
they started to leave the building one of the workers ran 
over to the family and gave Matthew all of his belongings 
which wasn't very much, some old ratty looking pants and 
shirts an old pair of shoes with no laces in them a book of 
picture and a toothbrush. The ride to his new house was 
rather long but the wait was well worth it for the Palmers. 
Half way home Matthew fell asleep in the back of the car. 
Kurt drove the car into the garage and parked it there for 
the night Kurt picked up his son trying not to wake him and 
put him in his nice new bed in his new bedroom that he can 
call his very own. They let him sleep there all night long.
	In the morning Wendy went in to wake up Matthew and 
found out that he wet the bed and when he was fully awake he 
started to cry saying to Wendy, please don't send me back to 
the orphanage I will try not to wet the bed again. That's 
okay dear said Wendy its not your fault its because you are 
in a new and different place. Go to the bathroom and I will 
clean this up for you, Matthew asked where is the bathroom? 
Its down the hall first door on the left Wendy told her son. 
As he went to the restroom thinking to himself wow I am in 
my new home with people that love me. As he returned to his 
room he got the bed changed and new sheets put on the bed. 
Come here she said to her son lets get you dressed and ready 
for the day. Just than Kurt Matthew's new dad walked in. 
First we will show you the house and then go get you some 
new clothes for you to wear. The orphanage gave us some 
money from the trust fund the state set up for you. They 
went shopping for new shoes pants shirts and the other 
things that he needed. After all the shopping was done they 
went home and put all his new clothes away in his very own 
dresser, and closet. In his new room there is a bed, a desk, 
a dresser and a book shelve with some books on it a radio 
and a TV.
	That night they ate dinner and talk about things and as 
the night grew they went to the living room to watch TV 
Matthew started to fall asleep on the big easy chair that he 
was sitting in and his father took him to his room to put 
him to bed. Before his father left he kissed him good-night. 
As Matthew fell asleep he said to himself I will not wet the 
bed. Him being only nine years old he thought he might be 
able to wish it to happen. When in the morning he wet the 
bed once again he knew that his wish didn't come true. This 
time his father woke him up and told him if it happens again 
we will take you to the doctors to see what is the matter 
with you. The day went on as it did just getting to know 
each other a little bit more of the same. Matthew told them 
what it was like at the orphanage the food, the rooms, and 
the many people that came and gone wishing to himself I wish 
that I can be one of those that can be gone from here and 
than you two showed up. By this time Matthew was crying to 
show that he was very thankful that they picked him over all 
the rest of the kids. Than he ran over to his mom and dad 
and gave them both hugs and kisses and they hugged and 
kissed him being thankful that he was now in their lives and 
no matter what happens they will not let him go or take him 
back because Matthew was their son and they're his parents. 
That night they both put him to bed.
	He woke up in a wet bed again and Wendy than made a 
doctors appointment for her son for a check-up to see what 
was wrong with him. At the doctors office the doctor gave 
him the once through and asked Matthew what was wrong and he 
said nothing was wrong with me but. The doctor was the same 
one that he saw at the orphanage and he knew what was wrong 
with him. The doctor asked for Wendy to come in and for 
Matthew to go sit in the other room so that he and his mom 
could talk for awhile. Mrs. Palmer said the doctor "he has a 
lot of trauma due to the death of his parents and that's why 
he wets the bed at night. My remedy is to get his some 
diapers to wear at night to make it easier for him and for 
you."
	They got in the car and went to the store to get the 
diapers and all the diapering stuff and a sleeper to wear at 
night too. That night he gave himself a bath in his own 
bathroom for the first time after the bath his mom told him 
to call her when he was done so she could come and get him 
out of the tub. While the tub was draining she took him to 
his room to get diapered and put to bed but Matthew did not 
want to be diapered because he was not a baby any more but 
Wendy told him that's what the doctor told me to do with you 
to keep you from wetting the bed at night. What is it than 
Matthew a wet bed with no diaper, or a dry bed with a diaper 
on. Matthew sat on his bed thinking about wearing the diaper 
to bed and told his mom, your right it is better to wear the 
diaper than to wake up in a wet bed. So he laid down on the 
bed waiting for his mom to put the diaper on him. First she 
had to put the baby powder on him and than came the diaper 
she took the diaper out of the plastic bag and opened it and 
then she took hold of his ankles and lifted his butt off of 
the bed slipped the diaper underneath him laid him on the 
diaper then she brought the thing up between his legs and 
fastened it together with the tapes and put him to bed.
	When he woke up by himself the bed was completely dry 
but the diaper was wet and he needed the diaper to be taken 
off of him right away so that he wouldn't have a diaper 
rash. He went to his parents room to get his dad up to let 
him take off his diaper. Dad its time to wake up and I need 
to have this diaper removed its wet please dad wake up 
Matthew said to his father. Okay okay I will be right in to 
change you out of your wet diaper so go to your room and 
wait for me to get there Kurt said to his son. Matthew did 
as he was told in a few minutes his dad walked in and 
changed him out of his wet diapers and put some play clothes 
on him and had him go to the living room to watch a little 
TV. This went on like this for about two weeks until it was 
time for him to be enrolled in the near by elementary 
school.
	The time has arrived the first day of school what a day 
it was getting him changed feeding him breakfast and than 
going with him to enroll in school the day went okay as he 
got off the bus telling his mom while his father was at work 
still. The routine went like this for awhile until he 
started to wet his pants at school so his mom bought him 
some Goodnites to wear at school and with that she also sent 
with him a note telling his teacher that he needed to be 
changed during lunch time period.
	One night it started the nightmares about when he was a 
little baby that his real parents mistreating him and not 
really letting him be treated like they should have . So 
Kurt and Helen took him to the doctors again to see what 
could be done with him. As the doctor started to ask Matthew 
some questions about his babyhood he found out it wasn't 
very pretty at all. The doctor went to see his parents with 
the bad news. Mr. And Mrs. Palmer he addressed them, Matthew 
had been abused when he was a baby his real parents did not 
allow him the chance to be a baby they forced him to grow up 
at the age of one years old and therefore all his wetting at 
home and at school is the results of his abuse. So they went 
home and got him ready for bed that night he woke up crying 
and his mom and dad came to comfort him and asked him what 
is wrong honey ? Matt told them that he wished he could have 
been a baby a little bit more than the year that he was a 
baby. They finally got him back to sleep and put him back to 
bed.
	So after Matt was sent to school his parents took all 
of the stuff in his room and put it in the garage and than 
went shopping for the things to turn his room into a nursery 
for him so that he could be a baby for a little while 
longer. When Matt came home his parents surprised him with 
the baby things that were in his room. He saw a crib, a 
babies diaper table, and some new baby clothes for him to 
wear. That night was the start of a whole new life for 
Matthew and from that point on they called him their little 
Matty. At first they undressed him gave him a babies type 
bath and then put him into baby style cloth diapers with 
Velcro type fasteners and plastic pants with snaps on the 
sides and a cute little sleeper. Then Wendy took him and 
cradled him in her arms in a rocking chair while her husband 
went to get a baby bottle for Matty to drink and pacifier 
for him before he went to sleep.
	The next morning the got him up dress him for school 
this went on for a few months and Helen said we don't have 
any pictures of Matty as a baby so one day they took Matty 
down to one of the studios for some pictures and the 
photographer took pictures of Matty as a baby one in a 
babies highchair, one in a crib and another one of Matty 
lying down in a diaper on his front. They then went to get 
some last of his baby things a diaper bag and a stroller and 
a highchair when they arrived home the put Matty in his crib 
for a nap in one of his onesie and a plastic diaper.
	When Matty turned 13 he finally out grew the baby 
things and started to wear big boys clothing but he still 
wore his diapers to bed and he still wet his pants at school 
and at home so his parents still loved him with all their 
hearts and allowed him to run around sometimes only in a 
diaper and a long T-shirt up till he got out of school.
	This is the end of this story.

Story by maxella jehovah@pacifier.com if you like this story 
e-mail me with your thoughts.
The end

 
==Act Your Age==
===Part 1===
 

Aidan kissed his girlfriend Becca passionately, and felt her with his warm hand. She moaned and kissed him back.

 

“Aidan Mitchell Cameron! What the hell do you think that you are doing!" His father barged into his bedroom during his and Becca's most intense makeout session ever.

 

“Boy, you are 12 years old! Not 21!" he shouted.

 

“Rebecca, leave. I am calling your mother when you get home," he said. Becca just nodded and quickly ran out the door.

 

“You know you are going to be seriously punished for this young man!" Aidan was scared. His dad was never this angry.

 

“I am going to go call your mother and then Becca's," he said. His dad stormed out of the room.

 

When his mom got home about 10 minutes later his parents discussed a punishment. Actually, his older brother and sister helped.

 

"Oh, what an excellent idea, Jamie!" my mom said to my older sister. Alec chuckled. He's Aidan's brother.

 

"Aidan, come in here," his mom said firmly. Aidan walked out of his room to the living room, fearing what might happen next. He sat on the couch next to Jamie.

 

"Since you don't seem to know how to act like a 12 year old, we won't treat you like you are 12 anymore," his mom started. At first Aidan thought they'd treat him like he was older, but what kind of punishment was that? There was only one other way to age.

 

"You will be a baby again for all of Spring Break, that's nine days. If you don't do as you are told, it will go on for longer. Is that clear?”

 

“Yes ma'am," Aidan said softly.

 

"Since it's Friday we will start the punishment right away," his mom said.

 

“Jamie and I are going to take you to the store to pick up some 'supplies'," she said.

 

“While we are gone, Aidan and your father will be 'baby proofing' your bedroom."

 

Aidan felt like crying, but he couldn't. How would that make him look? Older? Yeah, right.

 

"Let's go Aidan," she said. Jamie and his mom took his hands and walked him out to the car. Jamie buckled him into the middle seat in the back, as if Aidan couldn't buckle it himself.

 

They drove out to Wal*Mart to get everything. His mom and Jamie took his hands again and led him into the store. He struggled. People looked at him and he turned pink.

 

"Mom!" he started.

 

“No, hush," she said. They went into a back aisle and found a highchair and car seat that would fit him. They found a big baby playpen and even a big crib. That was the big stiff they got him. Then they went to a baby aisle and got baby food, bibs, and bottles. Another aisle for toys like rattles and things.

 

"Oh, time to get baby his new diapers!" Jamie said loudly.

 

A boy at about five that wasn't in a diaper laughed. Aidan wanted to die. They found the most revolting diapers that he had ever seen! About three inches thick with blocks and patterns on the top.

 

"Mom, those are..." Aidan started.

 

"Your new diapers," she finished. She put them in the cart and kept walking down the aisle.

 

"Aren't we done? We have my....dia...ya know," Aidan said. He couldn't say it. His diapers.

 

“Hush! We are almost done Aidan," his mom said. They picked up some big water diapers. Aidan didn't know they made water diapers that could fit him!

 

At the check out counter there was a man who Aidan found semi attractive (Aidan is bi). He looked at the items in the cart and then at Aidan and grinned.

 

"Who's the baby?" he asked. His name was Jackson, it said on his tag.

 

"Well, it seems we have a baby in the family again," his mother stated simply looking at Aidan. Aidan turned very bright red. Jackson continued to smile as he rang up the items. When he got to the water diapers he said,

 

Jamie held her brothers hand and her mom pushed the cart as they were on their way out. Aidan turned around and Jackson winked at him. He smiled back.

 

When they got to the car they opened the car seat and put it in the back on the passenger side. Aidan refused to get in.

 

"Aidan, get in the car now!" his mom demanded. The ride was about 50 minutes long and he had to poop. Bad. He crossed his legs, but got in the car seat. Jamie buckled it in front of his crotch. About ten minutes into the ride Aidan farted loudly. He was so humiliated.

 

Jamie said

 

“Eww, gross!" and his mom pulled over to get gas.

 

“Mom?" Aidan asked shyly.

 

“May I go to the bathroom in the store? (There was a mini-mart at the gas station.)”

 

“Sweetie, if you need to potty tell Mommy, okay?" she said. Aidan was flaming.

 

"Okay, I'll be right back," he said and started to walk over. His mom grabbed his hand.

 

"No no honey, that's a no no," she smiled.

 

“Jamie, can you open up the diapers for me please?" she said. Jamie went into the trunk and got out a huge diaper and brought it over to her. It had ducks on the top. A man that worked at the station watched, grinning. Lucky for Aidan it was 9:30pm, so not too many people were there. No kids were there, and no one he knew. There was no changing station so his mom brought him over to a picnic table, followed by Jamie. She had brought oil, powder and a blanket for him to lay on. He farted again. He really, really had to go.

 

"My, are you a stinky boy! Phew!" his mom said. Aidan was so red. She pulled his pants off, revealing a pair of grey boxer-briefs. She slid them off and lifted him up by the ankles, sliding the huge diaper under his butt. She put some powder on him and taped him up. His pants didn't fit over the huge diaper. She helped Aidan off the table. The people in the mini-mart were laughing hysterically. Aidan looked strange with a Slipknot tee on and a huge, duck-bordered diaper. He tried to walk. He waddled, then fell. The people laughed harder. Aidan began to cry. He had his feet out in front of him and his legs apart like a baby. He stood slightly and squatted. He needed to poop and relieve his aching bowels. He pushed and strained and out came a huge, smelly load. His diaper expanded and there was a lump in the back. Aidan cried harder when he was done. The people laughed so hard they cried too.

 

"Aww, Aidan," his mom said. He couldn't walk in a huge, now poopy diaper. His mom picked him up and carried him to his car seat, strapping him in in front of his huge, messy crotch.

 

"Eww, the car stinks!" Jamie complained.

 

"Jamie,leave your baby brother alone. That's what babies do, they poopie and cry," she said. Aidan wasn't just crying, he was practically bawling. Jamie wanted to tell him to shut up, but instead she tried something else.

 

"Mom, do you want me to go in the back and try to calm the baby?" she asked.

 

"That would be very helpful, thank you," she said. Jamie crawled in the back seat next to Aidan. She tried playing peekaboo with him, and tickling him. He still cried.

 

“Jamie, baby is just not comfy with a load of stinky in his diapee, but he has to wait until we get home," she said.

 

“That'll be in about 5 minutes." Aidan suddenly got tired of crying, he slowly fell asleep. Jamie stroked his hair as he slept and he thought that maybe this wouldn't be too awful.

 

When they got home, Alec and Andrew (Aidan's father), came out to help.

 

“Shh, Aidan's sleeping," Justine (Aidan's mom) whispered.

 

“Alec, could you carry him inside?" she asked. He nodded. Alec had dark brown perfect hair and pale blue eyes. He was very muscular; he worked out every day. He gently lifted Aidan out of his seat and carried him to the house. He held Aidan under his messy butt, which Alec was very aware of by the feel, look, and smell. He took him inside and tried to put him down. Aidan held onto his neck as he slept. He wouldn't let go. Andrew, Justine and Jamie saw this as they walked in.

 

“Awww, he wants you to hold him Alec!" Jamie giggled. Alec rolled his eyes and smiled. He held Aidan on the couch while everyone else brought his things in and set them up.

 

Aidan awoke to a horrid smell and disgusting felling between his legs. He opened his eyes to see Alec's pale blue ones starring down on him. He began to cry

 

 

 

“What'sa matter Aidan?" he asked. He laughed at the fact that Aidan was acting babyish.

 

“I can't believe it! I crapped myself!" Aidan shouted. He hopped off of Alec's lap and tried to walk away. He fell on his butt and the cold mess squished around. He kicked his feet angrily. He was having a mini tantrum. He whined and yelled.

 

"Bud, you're gonna have to crawl," Alec said smiling.

 

"Hmmph!" Aidan said uncrossing his arms and crawling into the kitchen with his load sagging. He was a slow crawler.

 

"Need some help?" Alec laughed. Aidan flipped him off.

 

"Baby! That is not acceptable behavior! I will give you one warning!" His mom yelled. Alec walked over to him and squeezed his smelly poop in his diaper.

 

"I am sorry, I couldn't resist!" he said. Jamie giggled.

 

Aidan saw a highchair all set up for him in the kitchen. His dad came up from behind him and scooped him up, putting in and strapping him down. Aidan kicked his feet.

 

"No, take me out!" he said.

 

“No no baby! You must be a little cranky today. After a bottle it's bedtime. Tonight we are doing things much later than usual, your noraml bed time is 7:30, bath at 7:00, dinner at 6:00, and you can watch some TV, or play with your toys between your dinner and bath, unless you are stinky, having a bottle from Jamie, Alec or me, or being punished," his mom said.

 

“You want some peas baby boy?" Justine asked. She placed and Elmo bib on him and forced the peas into his mouth. Jamie would tickle him, Alec would hold him down. When he laughed, his mouth would open.

 

“Here comes the train! Choo choo!" they'd say. His mom would feed him a spoonful. He then had a bottle of formula. It was warm. They said,” If you don't drink every drop, it will be an extra week in those diapees Mr.!" He drank it all.

 

Justine decided that she should be the first to change the baby.

 

“Come on stinky," she said. Aidan crawled after her. 'He looks so adorable!' Alec thought. She untaped his huge, puffy diaper. His penis and butt were all red.

 

“Aww, poor baby! Baby's getting his first rash!" Justine cooed. She generously wiped him off untill he was clean. Then she oiled his penis and balls and he blushed. He hated having his mom and Jamie do this. He would probably feel best with Alec. He didn't ever want his dad to! He had a small erection from his mom oiling him.

Jamie watched and giggled and Alec smiled.

 

“There's to time for a bath tonight, so up to bed! Jamie and I will take you," Justine said taping up his clean diaper. She took of his Slipknot tee and left him with just his huge diaper with blocks that said A B C, 1 2 3, on them. They took him by the hands and he waddled up the stairs. He could only walk with help. His room was transformed. He had a crib and changing table. No bed, his normal clothes were gone. So was his underwear. They had Aidan put on a onsie! The thing with the snaps in the crotch. It had Pooh Bear on it. 'Where did they get such huge baby clothes?' Aidan wondered. They lay him in his new, white crib and pulled up the side.

 

“Goodnight baby," Jamie smiled. They switched off the lights and closed the door. He fell asleep.

 

At about 1am Aidan woke up needing to pee. He managed to crawl out of his bed and room. He tried to get into the bathroom, but it was locked. He whimpered. Alec heard him (his room was right near Aidan's).

 

“Alec, I gotta pee!" Aidan said.

 

“Sorry Aidan, you have to use the diaper," he said. Aidan started crying softly. Alec hugged him. Aidan looked up at him,

 

“I hate this," he said.

 

“I know you do, I had to do this too bud. Same age, different reason," he said.

 

“Really?" he said.

 

“Mmm hmm, come here, let's go in your room and I'll tell you about it," he said smiling. They walked into Aidan's room. Alec picked Aidan up and lay him in his crib. He sat in a rocking chair right next to it.

 

“Okay, I was on my way home from school, and I had a stomach ache and had to poop," Alec started.

 

“Oh boy," Aidan said. Alec chuckled.

 

“Uh huh. Well anyways, I really had to go, and the house was about two blocks away. I started running. I made it to the house and then Ms. Del Rossi stopped to talk to me. 'Hello Alec, anything happen at school today?' she asked. We usually talked on my way home, but I should never have stopped that day. The moment I stopped running a smelly, huge mess filled my pants and expanded them. 'Oh my!' Ms. Del Rossi had said. I waddled in and BAM! Punished for Spring Break for a random breakout of dihareah from caff. food," Alec said.

 

“Alec, that's horrible!" Aidan said, feeling awful for his big brother. Definitely not something to be proud of, like how Aidan got punished.

 

“Yeah, well, you should get some sleep buddy," he said. Alec leaned over the crib and played with my hair.

 

“ 'Night Aidan," he said walking out.

 

“Wait!" Aidan said.

 

“Yeah?" Alec asked.

 

“Come here, quick!" he said. Alec came over to his crib, a bit confused.

 

“Put your hand on my crotch," he said. Alec did. He felt a warm stream of pee flowing out into his diaper. He laughed.

 

“Good baby," and tickled Aidan's tummy. Aidan giggled and whispered,

 

“Our parents suck sometimes.”

 

“Yeah, they do bud, 'night," Alec walked out of the room and Aidan fell back to sleep.

 

End Part One.............

 

===Part 2- I Can Bend The Rules, Right?===

 

The next morning Alec came into Aidan's room. Aidan was sitting up, waiting for someone to change his wet diaper.

 

“Hey sleepy head!" he smiled. Aidan rubbed his eyes.

 

“Where's Jamie and Mom?" he asked. Alec walked?" over to Aidan's crib and lifted him onto the changing table.

 

“You aren't gonna believe this," he said.

 

“What?" Aidan asked excitedly. He could tell this would be good.

 

“Okay, Mom got called into an emergency business meeting, and Dad already had one scheduled. Jamie made plans last week to stay at Caytlin's house until Wednesday. Buddy, we've got the house to ourselves for five days!" he laughed happily.

 

“YES! Thank God!" Aidan smiled.” And guess who's coming over...?" Alec said as he unbuttoned Aidan's onsie and slid it over his head.

 

“Who?" Aidan asked excitedly.

 

“Dylan," Alec said. Dylan was Alec's best friend, and has been for like, ever, but Aidan wasn't excited about that.

 

“And...." Alec continued smiling. Aidan smiled back, he had a very good guess.

 

“Mike!" Alec tickled me. Aidan laughed. Alec knew Aidan was bi. He liked Mike even while he was dating Becca. Mike had sun bleached blonde hair and bright, green eyes. He had a perfect tan and was about 5'5", a good height for a 13 year old. They were both in 7th grade.

 

“No!" Aidan's eyes suddenly filled with fear.

 

“What?" Alec said.

 

“Mike... My diapers," Aidan stuttered. Alec laughed.

 

“It's not funny!" Aidan said.

 

“You are in for a good suprise lil' bro," Alec smiled.

 

He untaped my diaper and wiped Aidan's penis. He oiled it thoroughly, rubbing his hard penis and touching his balls. Aidan moaned, and blushed as he had a huge erection.

 

“Sorry," Alec said. He re diapered him and lifted him off.

 

“Here," he said handing Aidan some of his huge, baggy green plaid pj bottoms. Very un- babyish. He also gave him a big, baggy white tee.

 

“While Mom and Dad aren't home, I am in charge, and I can bend the rules a little!" Alec smiled. He was supposed to wear baby clothes, but Alec said Aidan didn't have to if he could help it. Alec never wanted to put his baby brother through what he had to go through exactly 5 years ago to this day, during his punishment. The doorbell rang.

 

“Alec!" Aidan shivered with fear.

 

“Come on Aidan," he said. He took Aidan by the hand down the stairs. Aidan had to waddle, and it was obvious that he was diapered. At least he wasn't wearing that onsie. Aidan sat on the couch in the living room and waiting for Alec to let them in.

 

“Hey man!" Alec said to Dylan.

 

“ 'Sup?" he said. Mike was hiding behind Dylan.

 

“Hey Mike!" Alec smiled when he came out from behind his brother. He was wearing the same kind of baggy plaid, but red pj bottoms and a grey tee. His pants bulged. Aidan would be surprised.

 

"Come on in guys," Alec said. Aidan shyly waddled over and hid behind Alec. He blushed.

 

“Mikey, say hi to your friend!" Dylan grinned.

 

“Hey," Mike mumbled. Aidan noticed his diaper and smiled up at Alec, but said,

 

“You didn't have to do that. Why put him through it? He wasn't caught with his hand up Becca Johnson's shirt and with his tongue down her throat," Aidan felt brave saying that, but he blushed slightly.

 

“Dude! That's what happened?" Mike said.

 

“Yeah, my parents said I wasn't acting my age and they punished me," Aidan said.

 

“Yeah, 'cuz now Becca's all mopey and like, grounded for a year or whatever," he laughed. Aidan laughed too. Alec and Dylan smiled at each other.

 

“Alright, I'm gonna go make some breakfast, how's pancakes?" Alec asked. Aidan and Mike nodded.

 

“Good, cuz that's all I can make," they all laughed.

 

“Okay, Dyl, come with me, you two, do whatever boys your age do now a days," Alec smiled.

 

"What do you wanna do? Aidan asked turning on the TV. Someone was watching porno and it was still on.

 

“This!" Mike said. Aidan laughed.

 

“Hey! Nasty boys, wait until 8th grade at least!" Dylan said, turning the TV off. Mike threw a pillow at him playfully. Dylan ran over to Mike, swatted his padded butt and laughed.” Anna go downstairs?" Aidan asked hopefully?

 

“Ok," Mike said. Aidan had a basement that was more of a small hangout with a TV that had no cable, but it was huge and had a DVD player hooked up to it. There was a deck of cards and a bottle of lotion on the table. How convenient.

 

“Let's play poker," Aidan said.

 

“Only if we make it more interesting," Mike said. Mike and Aidan had been really good friends for their whole lives, but today, they would play some games they hadn’t played before.

 

“Like how?" Aidan smiled. Mike was grinning,

 

“Strip poker!" he said. Aidan and Mike giggled.

 

They dealt out the cards. Mike lost first, he took off a sock. And then he did again, the other sock. A third time, his shirt. Aidan blushed. Aidan was pretty sure Mike knew he was bi. Mike very well might have been too. His was so tan. It made Aidan embarrassed.

 

“Aidan, I didn't know I was that sexy!" Mike joked. Aidan blushed and looked away.

 

“I'm just messin' with ya, I did know," he smiled. Aidan lost and took off a sock. Then he lost again and took off the other. The third time, his shirt. Aidan had fair skin, wispy dark brown hair and eyes that appeared to be almost a pale lilac purple. They made Mike curious. They always left him wanting more. Then, Aidan lost again.

 

“Pants off Aidan!" Mike laughed. Aidan turned so red as he took off Alec's pj bottoms he was wearing to reveal his huge diaper with ducks on the border. Mike didn't laugh, he just smiled almost sweetly. He was actually thinking that Aidan looked very cute. That's when Aidan lost, again. He lost the game. He slowly untaped his diaper and took it off. Now Aidan was bare naked in front of his long time crush. He lost.

 

“Now I can do what I want to do with you, because you lose!" Mike said. Aidan just nodded, he was to nervous to do otherwise. Mike walked over to him. He picked up the lotion.

 

“Lay down," he said. Aidan did. Mike sat his diapers butt on Aidan's feet.

 

“Hey!" Aidan said giggling. Mike smiled,

 

“Try not to move your hands, 'cuz I can't hold them too." He tickled Aidan's legs and he laughed uncontrollably, and swatted Mike away.

 

“Don't move! I'll be right back," Mike demanded. Aidan nodded.

 

Mike ran upstairs and told Dylan and Alec of his plan to have fun with Aidan. A few minutes later all three of them came down. Mike still had his shirt off. Dylan laughed when Aidan turned red and covered up his erect penis. Dylan and Alec moved the table and Mike helped Alec carry Aidan to the floor. Dylan held Aidan's hands and Alec held his feet. Mike continued. He tickled Aidan's legs and he struggled to break free. He laughed and screamed. Aidan really did enjoy it though. Mike made his hands crawl up Aidan like a spider. He tickled his stomach and then touched his penis. Aidan shuddered. Dylan and Alec looked very entertained.

 

“N-no M-mike, -p-please," Aidan stuttered laughing. Mike rubbed the lotion on his hands. He rubbed it on his very hard, big penis. He touched his balls and kept rubbing it all around his penis. Aidan moaned. He had goose bumps. He arched his back and Mike smiled and continued touching him. Aidan came and turned red. Mike grinned and wiped him off with a baby wipe.

 

"Jeez, I wish I were friends with Mike!" Alec joked. Mike laughed.

 

“You wanna play like that?" Dylan asked.

 

“He's gotta learn from someone," Dylan winked. They might have been friends with benefits, Aidan wasn't sure. Alec gave Mike one of Aidan's diapers and the older boys went upstairs. Mike taped Aidan's diaper on him and they went upstairs. Aidan just put on a tee-shirt.

 

“Mike?" Aidan asked quietly while they were on the stairs.

 

“Yeah?" he said.

 

“Never mind," Aidan said.

 

“No, no, go ahead," he said.

 

“Okay, well, thanks," Aidan said and he looked away, blushing.

 

“Yeah, anytime," Mike said smiling. He touched Aidan's cheek and he looked over at Mike. Aidan smiled. They walked upstairs to have breakfast.

 

Aidan sat next to Mike. No high chair. He silently thanked Alec. While they ate, Mike dumped a load in his diaper. He turned red.

 

“Mikey!" Dylan said.

 

“I guess I have to change you," Dylan continued, standing up.

 

“I've got it! I mean, if you don't wanna," Aidan said.

 

“You sure?" he said.

 

“Positive," Aidan said. Dylan handed Aidan a diaper bag that had clean diapers and wipes in it. He led Mike by the hand down stairs. Aidan asked Mike why he'd pooped himself.

 

“I had to," Mike blushed.

 

“I didn't know where the bathroom was," he lied.

 

“Mike, you've been here 1 million times!" Aidan said smiling.

 

“Okay, I just thought why not use a diaper when you are wearing it, right?" he wasn't lying that time. Aidan pulled his pants off so he was just in a diaper and no shirt. Aidan untaped him and he smelled bad. He blushed.

 

“My, my Mikey what a mess," he joked. Mike smiled. They were both nervous. As Aidan wiped Mike, Mike had an erection. Aidan blushed and cleaned him off. He had a boner. Mike noticed and smiled to himself. He diapered Mike and they went upstairs. Mike was in just a diaper.

 

"Hey, why don't you two go in the pool?" Alec suggested. It was actually a very good idea. He handed them the water diapers and Mike made a face. Aidan saw it and laughed. He took his hand and they waddled to the back yard. There was a fence around the Cameron's (incase you don't remember, that's Aidan's last name) pool so no one could see them in their huge diapers. They went over to the patio and took each other's diapers giggling. They put the water diapers on each other. As Aidan pulled one up over Mike he touched his penis. He blushed. Mike didn't. He lifted Aidan's chin so he was looking at him, and he smiled, not at all shyly, just happily.

 

Mike put a water diaper on Aidan and the jumped in the pool. It was really warm for spring where they lived; 85 degrees. Aidan shivered and got out of the water. It was cold. Mike adjusted to it very quickly. However he followed Aidan to the edge and sat next to him. Aidan had huge goose bumps. Mike rubbed Aidan's arms trying to help him warm up. Aidan smiled and rested his head on Mike's shoulder. Mike wanted to kiss it, but what if he got freaked out? He didn't. They sat there for a minute until Aidan stood up and shoved Mike in. He swam up and laughed.

 

“Come on in Aidan!" he said.

 

“One sec," Aidan said. He spread his legs apart. Mike put his hand on Aidan's crotch as he peed into his diaper. Aidan laughed and dove in. They swam together for the rest of the evening.

 

End Part Two.....

==Abusive Childhood or Not?==
{{notice|This was rated a mere 5 (out of a possible 20) on the Deekerism scale. Yes, according to Deeker this was boring shit.}}

Since I have gotten older I regret the part I played in what I consider now the abuse of Daniel. For reasons I never could understand he was raised by his aunt who lived directly behind my house. Stella was a single mother who had a young daughter at the time. I think Daniel was around six when he moved in with her. I was about 11 at that time and payed little attention to him. His cousin Paula was only about 3 at that time and I remember him hitting her often and they didn't get along at all. At times I would see or hear Stella spanking him and truly thought he deserved it. I'm not sure when I first saw him in diapers but think he might have been 7 or 8 at the time. I remember thinking it strange for a boy that age but thought he had a toilet problem. I would see him in the yard or on the back porch differnt times in diapers and soon found out he was being punished that way. I over heard Stella telling her friend she decided to punish him like that. I was just going into high school at the time and Stella first asked my mom if I could babysit for Paula and Daniel for one weekend each month, Paula was 6 and Daniel was 9. At first my mom didn't want me to do it but when I found out Stella would pay me 30 dollars each weekend I coaxed her into letting me do it. I was almost 14 but thought I was mature enough to handle the two of them. I don't think my mom liked me staying over night both Friday and Saturday nights but gave in since my house was close by. Stella told my mom she had to go away those weekends because of her job, but I know she was really getting away with her boyfriend. I saw right away she had her hands full with Daniel and he was an awful brat. He treated Paula badly and hit her lots of times. Stella told me to send him to his room if he misbehaved and not to be afraid to "smack his butt" if he hit Paula.

The first few weekends I watched them went rather smoothly. Stella had 
both of them stand there as she more or less read them the riot act. 
She told them I was in charge and they must do what they are told and 
behave themselves while she is away. Paula was no problem at all and 
Daniel only misbehaved a few times but I think I intimidated him right 
away. He was just a little freckle-faced kid at the time and I was much 
bigger than him. He did hit Paula a few times and I punished him by 
making him stay in his room for hours at a time. Only one time did I 
actually spank him at the time but never pulled down his pants. He 
deliberately threw a hot piece of pizza at Paula, almost hitting her 
eye. I was so mad at him I pulled him over my lap and spanked him then 
sent him to his room. I called Stella and told her what happened and 
apologized for spanking him. She said she was glad I did and told me 
not to be afraid of punishing him. That’s when she told me how she 
spanked him often and made him wear diapers sometimes to punish him. At 
that time I hadn't seen him in diapers for a long time and wasn't even 
sure if Stella still punished him that way. He was obviously afraid of 
me after that first time I spanked him and the next few weekends 
behaved very well.

I was 14 the first weekend that Stella had him in diapers and 
remembered holding back laughter when I first saw him. He was still 
nine but looked ridiculous in them. It was late Friday afternoon and 
she was packing to go away. I asked her if he was being punished right 
away and she called Paula into her room to show me her black eye. 
Daniel had punched her earlier that day and her poor eye was swollen 
and purple from it. She told me she diaper punished him again and came 
right out and asked me if I would want to change him. I admit I was 
surprised she asked me that and I didn't know how to react. I guess I 
looked surprised so she just said if I didn't care to that she would 
let him dress regular until she got back home Sunday afternoon. It was 
a funny situation for me and I wasn't sure if I could do that. She was 
not the least bit insistent about it but did ask if it would bother me. 
I told her I wouldn't mind and think I said so to bolster my maturity 
or for some reason to act more like an adult. She did tell me he had to 
use the diapers to both pee and poop and when she said that I guess I 
had a strange look on my face. Right away she again said I didn't have 
to do this if I didn't want to but my ego forced me to say I didn't 
have a problem with it. I had changed babies’ diapers a lot of times 
when I babysat for my aunt but never even thought about changing a 
diaper on a boy Daniel's age. Before she left she made Daniel come in 
her room to show me what to do. She put a plastic sheet on her bed and 
made him lay down and took off his diaper in front of me. He turned 
crimson right away and I knew he was embarrassed by me seeing him naked 
like that. He wasn't wet so she put the same diaper back on him. She 
then told him to tell me when his diaper was soiled and that I would 
change him over the weekend. He started to cry right away and she sent 
him to his room. Stella then told me to wash him off when I changed him 
and showed me the supply of disposable diapers and baby wipes and 
powder she used.

Later that evening was the first time I changed his diaper by myself. I 
was apprehensive to do it at first but asked him if he was wet. When he 
told me he was I took him up to Stella room to change him. I recall 
being very nervous about it and wasn't sure if I made the right 
decision to accept doing this. As soon I put the plastic sheet on the 
bed Daniel started to cry. I felt sorry for him but after seeing 
Paula's eye had no pity for him and felt he deserved being punished 
severely. After a few minutes I almost had to force him to lie down on 
the bed and threatened him with a spanking. I took off his diaper as he 
continued to cry and remember feeling like wonder women or something 
and that I had so much authority over him. I never expected to be able 
to boss anyone around or have control over them like I was now capable 
of doing. It was always the other way around where I was the one who 
was always told what to do. I hadn't been spanked in many years but 
remember the humiliation of it even though it was seldom done to me. I 
just stood looking at his penis for a moment and just thought how 
embarrassed he must feel and couldn't imagine how humiliating it was 
for him. If a boy did this to me, I thought, it would make me so 
ashamed I would be sick and want to die. I took a couple of baby wipes 
and wiped his penis and scrotum at first. Just to satisfy my curiosity 
I lifted his legs up to wipe his butt off. That’s when I clearly saw 
that he had been spanked by Stella earlier. His buttocks were still 
reddish and had some bruising on it. It looked like she used a belt or 
something because it really looked sore. That night I put him in the 
tub and also gave Paula a bath afterwards. The rest of the weekend he 
still cried every time I changed him but he was very well behaved the 
whole weekend. That was just the start of it and I found myself 
becoming more domineering and power hungry. For some reason I enjoyed 
punishing him and humiliating him. Part of it was because of the way he 
treated and spoke to Paula and the mean things he did to her. I was 
like a hero to her and was so impressed with myself having so much 
authority and control over him. I know it sounds cruel but it empowered 
me even more when I made him cry which happened often. I knew he tried 
not to many times but the more I treated him like a baby the more he 
obeyed and feared me.

That summer Daniel turned 10 and Paula was 7 1/2. I not only watched 
him and Paula one weekend each month but also every Wednesday and 
Thursday. He was again diaper punished by Stella a few times but I 
wasn't there when she did it to him. When she went away for the weekend 
in July he was being diaper punished for a week. I don't remember know 
why but was happy he was. That week I watched them Wednesday, Thursday 
and the whole weekend. You would think he would be less embarrassed 
with me changing him but it seemed the older he got the more 
embarrassing it became for him. Again I saw that Stella had spanked him 
severely the first time I changed him and made it known to him that I 
knew. He didn't always outwardly cry but would sort of whimper and I 
could tell he wanted to. I later saw his report card from school and 
figured that was the reason he was being punished again. That is until 
Paula told me he stolen another kid’s bike so I think it was a 
combination of both that he was being punished in diapers for an entire 
week. I don't recall him ever being punished for that long a time 
before that. Paula began peeking in the room when I changed Daniel 
sometimes. I know I shouldn't have allowed her to but guess I 
considered it revenge for her. Most of the time he didn't see her 
looking at him but when he did it really upset him. Sometimes her 
girlfriends would come over the house and see Daniel in his diapers. He 
would always hide or go into his room when they were there. He did the 
same if one of my friends came over but I never let them see me 
changing him or giving him a bath. I called and asked Stella if she 
still wanted me to bathe him and she said it was part of the 
punishment. Paula heard me talking to Stella and began telling me some 
of the times Daniel had been punished. As young as she was she said 
Stella spanked him a lot and put him in diapers often. She said she 
didn't like Daniel and that he was mean and bad. I knew Stella punished 
him often but didn't really know before how frequently. He was 
constantly in trouble at school but around me he was like a wimp and 
seemed to be afraid of me. By this time I had only spanked him twice. 
the one time he was dressed but the second time I did spank him bare. 
Only once over that year did I have to change his diaper when he pooped 
in it. I didn't like it but was able to handle it ok. He openly cried 
that time and I just know it was humiliating for him but didn't feel 
the least bit of sympathy for him.

By the time I was 16 I had total control over him and he seemed to 
behave most weekends that year. He was only in the diapers for 3 
weekends during that winter but I did spank him twice. One time I made 
him pull his pants down but the other time he was naked after I took 
off his diaper. I was much bigger and stronger than him and he was 
visibly afraid of me. Both times I called and told Stella that I 
spanked him and she gave me approval both times. The one time I spanked 
him was just for talking back to me and I did it out of anger. I got 
along very well with Paula but Daniel just seemed to rub me the wrong 
way all the time. I didn't hate him but do admit I enjoyed humiliating 
him and even spanking him. I also enjoyed seeing him naked and liked 
touching his genitals. I did talk to him often but the minute I would 
start to change him or give him a bath he would be silent the entire 
time and I could clearly see he wanted to cry. Sometimes he did but as 
he got older he would somehow hold it back even though I could still 
see tears in his eyes. I'm not sure now but don't think he ever got an 
erection until he was 12. The first time he did I was changing a wet 
diaper and had just wiped his scrotum with a baby wipe. His penis 
always seemed very small to me but when he got hard I was surprised at 
the size of it. He actually cried when it happened and I suppose it 
embarrassed him. He had some pubic hair at the time but not much at 
all.

Another year went by and He was only diaper punished twice that I knew 
of. Paula became my source of information and if she didn't tell me 
about Daniel I would ask her. Paula would tell me of the many times 
Stella continued apanking him and she also informed me that Stella did 
make him stay in diapers quite often. I hadn't seen Daniel naked for at 
least 6 months at that time then one Friday when I went over to babysit 
for the weekend he was in diapers. As soon as Daniel saw me he turned 
bright red knowing I would be there for 3 days watching them. I didn't 
even ask why he was being punished but as much as I shouldn't have been 
was happy he was in diapers. It had been a long time since I had seen 
him naked and he was almost 13 by now. He had become very submissive to 
me over the years but I could see he still dreaded me seeing his 
privates again after so long. Stella never mentioned a thing about it 
before she left and I assume she didn't even think about it since I had 
been babysitting for her all this time. I kept asking Daniel if he was 
wet after she left but he kept saying no. It was quite obvious he 
didn't want me to change him. After dinner I was watching TV when he 
came in and sat down to talk to me. He started out by asking me if he 
could change himself and I immediately asked him what Stella would say. 
He didn't answer and admitted he was wet. Before we even got to 
Stella's room he began to cry. I put the rubber sheet on the bed and 
told him to lay down on it. He just kept begging me to let him change 
himself. I should have felt bad for him but instead I felt my 
domination over him more exciting than ever. I'm ashamed of that 
feeling now but at the time it was an incredible feeling just knowing 
the influence I had over him. He always was and still is small in 
stature so I just grabbed his arm and forced him onto Stella's bed 
threatening to spank him. When I finally got his diaper off I was 
surprised how much more pubic hair he had gotten since the last time I 
saw him. I wiped him off as usual and put powder on him before putting 
on a clean diaper. He didn't get and erection since I am sure he was 
humiliated again and just cried the entire time. After dinner I changed 
him again and he did cry a little but not as bad as the first time. 
Later in the evening I told him it was time for his bath. Paula who was 
10 by this time began to laugh and Daniels face turned fire engine red. 
He reached over and smacked her across the face almost knocking her off 
the sofa. It was hectic for a time because he hit her very hard. I took 
her in the kitchen and put ice in a cloth for her. I admit I was 
furious with Daniel and after I settled Paula down a bit went back in 
to get him. I held his hair as I led him to the bathroom and took his 
diaper off right away. He started to cry and I sat on the toilet seat 
and pulled him naked over my lap and began spanking him. I don't know 
how many times I hit him but my hand started to hurt. The whole time 
Paula stood at the doorway watching and I never told her to leave. 
Daniel was hysterical and sobbing like an infant when I was done. I 
made him get in the tub right away and began washing him even making 
sure I got soap in his eyes. Paula stood there for a long time and even 
though Daniel knew she was there never said a word and just continued 
crying. I must have done it for spite but made Daniel stand up in the 
tub knowing full well Paula could see him. I washed him all over and 
especially soaped his penis and testicles. I even made him bend over 
and washed his rear and put lots of soap on his anus with a wash cloth. 
I realized I was purposely exposing him to Paula and know now I 
shouldn't have done that.

The next day, which was Saturday I called Stella and told her about 
spanking Daniel. When she found out why she seemed to be happy that I 
did. I mentioned nothing about how I bathed him knowing she wouldn't 
approve of that and letting Paula watch. I was still mad at him that 
day and the side of Paula's face was still red and a little swollen. I 
made him apologize to her and wouldn't let him watch TV all day and 
sent him to his room. I changed him four times during the day and he 
was too afraid to object. All I could think about was tormenting him 
and punishing him. I guess I knew then what Stella had been dealing 
with most of the years she had Daniel. In the afternoon I was rooting 
in the refrigerator to find a snack. There was a small box on the door 
that had suppositories in it. I know it sounds devious and certainly is 
but as soon as I saw them I thought of how Daniel would feel if I 
forced him to submit to such a thing. I got ice cream for Paula and I 
and we watched TV for awhile. The more I thought about the 
suppositories the more I wanted to do it to him. I knew how much I 
embarrassed him in the past but I couldn't think of anything more 
humiliating than making him poop in front of me. I couldn't just do it 
so I decided to call Stella. He did poop one time on Friday but when I 
called Stella I lied and said I think he is constipated. She wasn't too 
concerned about it but then I mentioned seeing the suppositories in the 
fridge and told her I wouldn't mind giving him one. At first she said 
no but then said if he didn't go by that night then it’s okay to do it. 
I had my mind made up right away and thought it would be the most 
humiliating thing I could do to him. I had him in Stella's room and 
took his diaper off. He didn't cry but I could see he wanted to. I told 
him to come in the bathroom and sat down on the toilet seat with the 
suppositories in my hand. He knew what it was right away and began to 
cry. He literally begged me not to give it to him but I told him Stella 
told me to and made him lay over my lap. He was crying so much his 
tears made the floor wet. I know now what an awful thing that was to do 
to him but at the time I was pleased with myself. I had this boy 
completely exposed to me and forced a suppository in his rectum with my 
finger. I made him stay on my lap for almost 5 minutes making sure it 
didn't come out. I just sat looking at his anus scrotum and penis. I 
can't think of anything more humiliating or degrading than that. He 
just lay there and sniffled and pouted like an infant. He eventually 
told me he had to poop so I got up and let him sit on the toilet. He 
asked me to leave him alone but to further torment him I refused. It 
took awhile but he finally did poop and to further embarrass him I made 
him let me wipe him. Then I put him in the tub and gave him a bath. I 
didn't realize at the time but Paula witnessed most of it. When I saw 
her at the door I did make her leave when I put him in the tub.
 Over the next year and a half I gave him a suppositories three more 
times. I think each time he was more embarrassed the last. Every 
opportunity I had to humiliate him I took advantage of. Most of the 
time he was 13 and 14 he started to get erections more often. I only 
spanked him two times that last year and a half but enjoyed both. I 
caught him masturbating 4 times but never said anything about it to him 
and never told Stella, although I think she knew he did. The last time 
I saw him naked he was 14 and I think one of the last times he was 
diaper disciplined by Stella, it was summer 2006. Again it had been 
months since I saw him naked and he knew I was coming over for the 
weekend. As soon as I walked in and saw him in a diaper I smiled and he 
blushed terribly, knowing I would be there the entire weekend. He only 
cried the first time I changed him but not very badly. I changed him 
three times Friday, five times Saturday and twice on Sunday. I gave him 
a bath both Friday and Saturday night and almost the entire time he had 
an erection. I know he looked at my body many times over the years but 
I could notice he it more so as he got older. He saw me in my underwear 
a few times over the years and I do know of two times he saw me naked 
when he was younger. I never thought much about it and it was rare when 
he did see me undressed. Each time was accidental and I never purposely 
let him see me that way. He often saw me in my pajamas or night shirt 
but I don't recall him looking at me that often. I don't remember what 
he did that weekend to be punished with the diapers but I was glad at 
the time that he was being punished. Even though he got erections often 
that last weekend I could tell it still embarrassed him and did spot 
tears in his eyes a few times.

That year I began college and was away from home most of the time. I 
seldom saw Stella, Paula or Daniel for the next few years but at times 
when I did see Daniel he would blush and turn bright red even if I just 
said hello to him. I live at home again and work in town everyday. 
Daniel is 17 now and still blushes every time I see him probably 
remembering all the compromising situations I saw him in. It amuses me 
that he is still embarrassed but I can understand why now. I see now 
how I took advantage of him and let myself become like Stella to a 
certain extent. The things I did to him are unforgivable and I do now 
feel bad that I was like that. Daniel is still short and introverted 
but from what I understand does very well in school now. I sincerely 
regret causing him so much humiliation over those years. I suppose I 
should tell him how sorry I am now but can't bring myself to do it yet. 
Paula just turned 15 this year and I do talk to her sometimes. She 
brought up the subject of when I used to babysit for them and I did ask 
her how things were between her and Daniel. They get along pretty well 
now and no longer fight with each other. Without asking she did tell me 
Stella spanked and diapered Daniel well into his 15th year. I was 
surprised she did it for that long but Daniel was especially dominated 
by her. I know how he obeyed me and can only imagine the fear he had of 
Stella. Paula also told me that she thinks Daniel has a fetish for 
diapers now. She said a few times when Stella is out or away he wears 
them in his room. As humiliated as he was all those years I don't 
understand how he could possibly have a diaper fetish. He always 
appeared embarrassed when I saw him like that and particularly ashamed 
if one my girlfriends or Paula's friends saw him like that. I suppose 
it could happen but he just doesn't seem like he would like it after so 
many humiliating years. He still appears to be a wimp and if he does 
have a diaper fetish I can't figure out why.

[[category:people]]