Erowid
{{crapstub}}

Erowid is probably one of the best drug sites on the internets. It's been online for over 100 years, thus it has become the most reliable wealth of knowledge on psychoactive materials. There have been over 9000 books written on crazy drugs, but most are written by super smarties and are rather dull (such as P.I.H.K.A.L.). Erowid lets (paid) users submit drug experiences and list the effects based on dosage for almost everything.

A lot of butthurt parents, and drug haters dislike erowid, but honestly it is better to be informed before you take a handful of pills, or try to smoke a strange research chemical you ordered from china. Another bonus of this website is the knowledge of legal loopholes. Erowid Lurking Pro-tip: A lot of famous drugs we all know and love (such as DMT, Mescaline, LSD, Morphine, Codine, etc) have natural relatives which work just as good as the illegal stuff. 

Examples: 

San Pedro Cactus and Peruvian Torch both contain active amounts of mescaline. Some San Pedros have been shown to contain MORE mescaline then Peyote Buttons (the moar you know!)

Papaver Somniferum is perfectly legal in most cases (when ordered online as a floral arrangement). Papver Somniferum produces large amounts of Morphine, Codine and other tasties. The dried pods can be made easily into tea by crushing a pod and putting the powder and seeds into an empty tea bag. PRO-TIP: MAKE SURE THE PODS AREN'T CHEMICALLY TREATED. Papavers are way safer and less addictive then drugs such as Oxycontin, or lortab.

Psylocibin mushies are hard to come by, but field guides and growing instructions aren't. It is perfectly legal to order everything one would need to sprout some shrooms in under a month. Probably can be done with under a hundred bucks as well. Erowid gives precise instructions on extracting the good shit, and putting it into capsules or other edibles.

DMT is readily available online. Look it up on erowid, there are literally hundreds of plants that are legal which will blow your mind harder then a strip of acid.

 
Your local church or courthouse might have opium poppies, or shrooms growing wild and easy for the pickings! These things are obviously useful for most recreational drug users. 



Maybe you can avoid becoming an hero by doing some research before mixing 17 different drugs together. Lulzy as it may be, teeny boppers always croak off of stupid over the counters or pills they found in mommie's bathroom. DON'T BE STUPID. Naturals are always the best.

{{Drugs}}

[[Category:Drugs]]