Hikaritail/Chat logs
Summation: Hikaritail whines to Mariechan because she thinks Mariechan's [[lulz]]ing at her art on {{ljcomm|deviantartsnark}} means that she hates yaoi AND she hates Hikaritail. Hikaritail loses whatever point she is trying to argue as Mariechan fails to take any of her points seriously, so she invites her weeaboo friend, who manages to make them both look like hypocritical idiots, whilst Mariechan invites her friend Merlin in for the lulz.


==MSN Chat==
<pre>
hikaritail: Hello
Marie: hi
hikaritail: did you got my note on DA?
Marie: I got two
hikaritail: yeah a friend of mine ^^ but i only told her about it cause she`s one of my most suported friends on DA and oldest
Marie: what about Skip? The manager of the KFC, he's 40
Marie: ah well
hikaritail: Skip?
Marie: I don't care much for age
Marie: Klonoaphile
hikaritail:  eh Okay but can we talk as normal human beings?
Marie: who said we weren't? 
hikaritail: some people on lifejournal said that about me ^^; atleast i think
hikaritail: Look i do think its unfair because ive seen losts of worst pairings then mine i mean Sonicrocksmysocks draws herself with every Main-charater in ecg populaur Media! and i have grown out if Gxk or Sonic i have explained that on like 5 journals already
Marie: I snarked SRMS too
hikaritail:  and mostly i drew Hikari with other fancharaters and one time (Jet) but that was a big mistake
hikaritail: eh okay...i dont really ageree with public making fun of others aslong as there not flammers or mean
hikaritail: i mean i dont ageree with Sonicrocksmysocks opnions and such but she never botherd me so i think it would be mean making fun of her..
hikaritail: if i *
hikaritail: but back to the subject i have grown out of it i`m trying to improve in Art and i`m practing sure i drew some stupid stuff years ago but whats the point of it?
hikaritail: i`m not drawing it anymore
hikaritail: and i was like 14 i was a bit of a rabid fangirl i admit but hey i admit i made mistakes
hikaritail: and mostly my anti yaoi hate became because i got stupid notes from people who say i go to Hell for drawing that so i waas blind with rage but i`m over it
hikaritail: i just draw my own charaters and my girlfriend`s charaters mostly now
Marie: uhhhhh
Marie: k?
hikaritail: .....
hikaritail: so why do you hate me so much?
hikaritail: i have grown out of it
Marie: who says there is hate?
Marie: I just posted you, loled and then it was done and over with
hikaritail: then why did you put mt on Lifejournal? 
Marie: that's it, part of the lulz
Marie: and
hikaritail: ....
Marie: that's the whole point of the community
hikaritail: you know you can hurt people`s feelings with that do you?
Marie: have you looked at any other posts or only at your own?
hikaritail: nope
Marie: yeah, on the internet people should grow some skin
hikaritail: i dont look at Lifejournal and such
hikaritail: what?
Marie: people who take what others said about them online to heart are kinda sad
hikaritail: you think so i ageree partly but i always have been to-over senstive
hikaritail: its not sad its part of my charater i wished i could just laugh and ignore it but i cant 0_o i wish i was like that
Marie: which is a fault; if one can't ignore or lol then they are open to more trolling
hikaritail: and you think thats right? 
Marie: the world isn't all right and wrong
hikaritail: i mean do you bully kids at school ho are shy or low-selfasteem?
Marie: it's just things happen 
Marie: hmmm
Marie: not sure, I can't recall but I did pull a prank one year
hikaritail: well i do have to tell i read an artice about it and some children who are bullied commit suicide
Marie: they became an hero
hikaritail:  i mean not everyone is strongminded
hikaritail: everyone`s diffrent
hikaritail: a hero?
Marie: (Link: http://www.encyclopediadramatica.com/index.php/An_hero)http://www.encyclopediadramatica.com/index.php/An_hero
hikaritail: dont know him but hey he`s just a kid
hikaritail: i mean Hell dont you care for children who commit suicide because there bullied horriblely?
Marie: he committed suicide over losing his ipod
hikaritail: i`m not talking about him
hikaritail: i`m talking about 1000`s of other kids who commit suice because they were bullied
hikaritail: and it was not because they `lost an ipod`
hikaritail: some of them were too fat or to ugly or had low self astyeem
Marie: they quit life over superficial reasons
hikaritail: i mean you Lols about it but you dont know how much you could damage children ...
hikaritail: *sigh* no because they were bullied
Marie: over their looks
hikaritail: yes because they were bullied because OF it
hikaritail: i mean some kids cant help looking ugly 0_o or have low self astyeem
Marie: so they commit suicide over superficial bullying and couldn't accept that they just might be ugly
hikaritail: they knew they were ugly...
hikaritail: if you hear it everday at school
Marie: then why take it to heart?
hikaritail: Because there just TEENS and Kids
Marie: those bullies were speaking the truth!
hikaritail: not everyone is strongminded
hikaritail: .......
hikaritail: are you being sarcastic?
Marie: not really
hikaritail: how could you say such a thing?
hikaritail: some children cant help looking the way they are
hikaritail: why do they need to be bullied or hear it everyday?
Marie: oh noes, the genepool rejected me *takes a bath with the toaster*
hikaritail: *signh* not everyone is strongminded
hikaritail: like you or whatever
hikaritail: whoever*
hikaritail: people are diffrent everyone is diffrent they look and are diffrent at heart
hikaritail: just because someone is ugly and its truth but why bully them about it? why not look at the good points they have?
*** xxx@xxx.com (奇子) has joined the conversation.

Session Start (xxx@xxx.com:Group Conversation 21984): Sun Jan 07 10:49:04 2007
奇子: o_O
hikaritail: i dont think you understand me
Marie: anywyas, I think I will eat breakfast soon-- oh, you invited someone else
hikaritail: maybe Mel P could explain it bether
hikaritail: and i have horrible grammer
Marie: grammar*
hikaritail: yeah XD
hikaritail: Grammar*
*** xxx@xxx.com (Merlin the Bruce) has joined the conversation.
Marie: my friend wanted to come in
hikaritail: okay
奇子: you know, bullies bully other kids 'less fortunate' than themselves because they have no friends and suck themselves so they bully other people to make themselves feel better, which is what you're doing. you whine about hikaris shounen ai pairing but in your DA journal you were posting shounen ai couples you liked =P so youre a hypocrite and an immature one at that
Merlin the Bruce: hai2u
Merlin the Bruce: ...what
Merlin the Bruce: no, bullies bully whoever they feel like because they think it's funny
奇子: :D
Marie: :D
Merlin the Bruce: SRSLY U GAIS
奇子: HAHA no. deep inside theyre the most insecure ones
奇子: how old are you? 15?
Marie: not sure, I think I am a sexy beast
Merlin the Bruce: LOL
Marie: Lilandra is 19
Marie: I am 16
奇子: im 21
Marie: AGE DOES NOT DEFINE A PERSON
Marie: :D
Merlin the Bruce: YES IT DOES SHUTUP
Marie: NUUUU
Marie: ;_;
Merlin the Bruce: WHAAAAAAAa
奇子: actually in this case it does
Marie: naw
Merlin the Bruce: howso?
奇子: because youre acting like a 14 yearold
Merlin the Bruce: um what
Marie: I have seen 22 year olds act like babies
hikaritail: :(
Merlin the Bruce: define: acting like a 14 yearold
Marie: princessangel83 for example
Marie: OMG I DO NOT TRAEC UR SO MEEEEEN
hikaritail: i thouth we could talk liken normal human beings..
Marie: *FLAME FLAME FLAME FLAME*
奇子: mmhm..
Marie: we are normal
奇子: learn psychology child.
Merlin the Bruce: haha
Marie: we can take insults on the internet
奇子: most cases when people treat others like shit its cause theyre insecure 
Merlin the Bruce: where did you get your psychology degree, 奇子?
奇子: they point attention to other people
hikaritail: thats what most adults say too 
奇子: you dont need a degree to have common sense and understanding
Merlin the Bruce: ohh, so you haven't studied psychology
奇子: i also know people in the business
Marie: I do too
奇子: so i know people who also know what the hell theyre talking about
Merlin the Bruce: Good to know your psychological opinions are based heavily on research and knowledge
Merlin the Bruce: I will give them the weight they deserve.
奇子: yay. sarcasm
奇子: whee
奇子: no use talking to immature teens =P
Merlin the Bruce: Yay, e-psychiatry! It's serious business!!
奇子: come back in a few years when youve matured out of your stupid know-it-all phase 
Merlin the Bruce: Yay, using age as a crutch to stand above an argument! The ultimate sign of maturity!
Marie: oh, I summed up the convo to my Dad
Marie: he says I am right
hikaritail: my dad says your wrong lol
Marie: he's FORTY
Marie: erm
hikaritail: mine dad is 52
Marie: *fourty
奇子: actually it isnt just age its also experience 
Merlin the Bruce: MY MUM CAN BEAT UP YOUR MUM
Marie: MY SISTER CAN BEAT UP UR DAD
Merlin the Bruce: "actually it isnt just age its also experience ", 
So I should just disregard you entirely whilst you overturn all of your arguments for me?
Merlin the Bruce: I can dig that
奇子: not really
hikaritail: could we please talk calmy?
奇子: you dont know me
Merlin the Bruce: NOBODY KNOWS ME
Marie: Itold my dad "IMO people on the net need to grow thick skin cause they don't know who is saying what to them anyways"
奇子: you dont know what kind of people and things i grew up around or in what area of the world
Merlin the Bruce: YOU CAN'T UNDERSTAND THE PAIN I FEEL
奇子: ;) so lets just leave it at that
Merlin the Bruce: MY HEART IS DARK LIEK NIGHT
Merlin the Bruce: *CUT*
Marie: ME NEITHER MY HOUSE BURNED DOWN AND I WAS SMILING THE NEXT DAY
Merlin the Bruce: *CUT*
奇子: God you cant even tell a normal talk from emo. i wasnt being emo. i guess youre the emo here
奇子: :D
Marie: and I wasn't joking there
Marie: wheeee~
Merlin the Bruce: I R SO EMO
Merlin the Bruce: THE INTERNET IS SO SERIOUS *CUT*
奇子: o_O honestly...
hikaritail: true i ageree Maria but who`s more sadder the people who get bashed or the people who are the ones bashing?
Merlin the Bruce: I think I might have to go commit suicide guys because I am being bullied in a conversation on the internet with complete strangers. BRB
hikaritail: i`m not going to kill myself Lol
奇子: :) youll get yours.
hikaritail: but i know on a article some kids do commit suicide because there bullied at school
奇子: come on hikari XD lets leave the children so they can have buttsex with eachother and get ass crabs
Merlin the Bruce: haha
*** 奇子 has left the conversation.
hikaritail: Lol
Marie: I also saw articles on people who commit suicide because they were scared of Y2K
Merlin the Bruce: she's so mature
Merlin the Bruce: one day I hope to be JUST LIEK HER
Merlin the Bruce: oh wait
*** Snape and Dumbledore gloat in triumph at their latest child-raping massacre. Snape will eventually kill his fellow rapist though (hikaritail). has left the conversation.
Merlin the Bruce: lol
Marie: buttsechs
Merlin the Bruce: *buttsecks*
Marie: I want it
Marie: D:
Merlin the Bruce: *gives you ass-crabs*
Marie: yay :D
Merlin the Bruce: you’d better give me ass-crabs back, bitch
</pre>

[[Category:Transcripts]]