I-heart-hikaru/notes
Notes between [[i-heart-hikaru]] and {{lj|user=tokitoh}}, as posted on {{ljcomm|user=deviantartsnark}}.

----

My first note:
This is ~MYNINJAACCOUNTYOUDONTGETTHENAME.

You want a note, you've got a note. I was going to respond to you, but you banned me before I could even begin typing it. (That isn't the solution to solving all of your problems, you know.) So now that we're off of your front page, let's discuss this.

Also, please stop grouping me in with these "damned fangirls." That's offensive and belittling, which aren't very becoming characteristics for a young lady or anyone for that matter. I could easily do the same to you since you seem to be obsessed with Japan, but I'm not about to.

And this stopped being about the stamp when you claimed that you had a problem with the gay/lesbian lifestyle and that you only talked to your gay friends to "be civil."

Her reply:

i-heart-hikaru said the following:

Hun I banned you cause I don't want to deal with this crap anymore. This is an art site not a spam site and it is my deal if I ban you or not, it is my DA name I can do with it as I please. ^^

as far as the fangirls thing it is offending to me when you and everyone eles "think" you know how I think and twist my words so it fits you. I don't hate gays but I hate the life style. if you can't understand that then I see no reason why we will go any father than this.

and as far as japan hun, I lived there for two years as a militay kid when I was 9 and 10. and it is part of who I am as a person. So even if you didn't take about it I could care less cause that is just showing me how low you have gone.

now if you understand this and can understand where I come from, we can discusse our thoughts.

Try to understand::

~I don't hate people for being gay/lesbian/or BI. I hate the lifestyle, that is my opinion. I don't like coming on here seeing people twist characters that aren't EVEN yaoi/yuri into that crap. It is just wrong and as far as the being civil thing, hun I try to be nice and so far alot of people don't mind. When I had my rant journal up about my stamp there were more people that are lesbian/BI that understood what I mean't and one that even said they were proud of me standing up for my self. I don't need babies telling me what the to think. No is me. So try to understand my side, I understand everyone elses. I'm an understanding person. I just hate it when people call me a hypocrit and then they go around being one them selves.

-Kimmie

My reply:
"as far as the fangirls thing it is offending to me when you and everyone eles "think" you know how I think and twist my words so it fits you."
I've never done such a thing. I've simply asked you a few plain questions and you are the one that is acting like you know what I'm thinking. I know for a fact that there was a comment made somewhere within which you were quoted saying you "HATE GAYS/LESBIANS!" and that you only talked to them to be civil. Those are facts, the comments were posted, and you need to take responsibility for them instead of ignoring them and claiming that everyone is just twisting your words around.
The fact that I even have to respond to this is proof enough that you don't know how I'm thinking but you're throwing arguments and insults around like you know what I'm all about, when you don't.

"I don't hate gays but I hate the life style. if you can't understand that then I see no reason why we will go any father than this."
Maybe I CAN'T understand that, but why should that stop us from talking? Here I thought that we were going to have a very civil conversation about all of this and you're avoiding the point.

"and as far as japan hun, I lived there for two years as a militay kid when I was 9 and 10. and it is part of who I am as a person. So even if you didn't take about it I could care less cause that is just showing me how low you have gone."
I'll admit that I did not know that, but nevertheless, your username is Japan-related and everything else in your gallery is, too. Norway is part of what I am but my gallery is not full of a bunch of Norwegian culture-related items. Also, why did you have to toss in that "just showing me how low you have gone?" I didn't even insult you and yet you have to come back with a ridiculous rebuttal such as that. Stop insulting me and just debate me like a normal person. I was civil enough to note you without insulting you and I expect you to return the respect.

"I don't like coming on here seeing people twist characters that aren't EVEN yaoi/yuri into that crap."
This isn't really about the whole anti-yaoi/yuri thing. It's about how you've dealt with it and with your contradicting circular logic. I have no problem with you being against yaoi or yuri; it's understandable. Just don't expect everyone to conform to your viewpoints. It's perfectly fine to have an opinion on it, though.

"and as far as the being civil thing, hun I try to be nice and so far alot of people don't mind."
I don't think calling someone a "retard" constitutes being nice or civil. Yet again, it's more of how you deal with the things that have been flung at you. You do realize that the more you curse and rant and rave in your comments, the more the commenters are going to enjoy it, right? You don't have to fuel the fire. All you had to do was stop insulting lifestyles that you ARE NOT A PART OF, stop calling people retards, stop telling people that you think they know how you think (because you're doing the same thing) and so forth.

"So try to understand my side, I understand everyone elses. I'm an understanding person."
If you were a truly understanding person, you would realize that homosexual lifestyles are just like heterosexual lifestyles except with different people. You do realize that this means you're descriminating, don't you? Based on sexual preference.
I'm not saying nobody else does it (after all, we are all biased about many things), but I am honestly just fed up with your holier-than-thou attitude regarding all of this. Opinions are not right, so stop acting like yours is the only one that matters. And please stop with the name calling, the petty little insults like "babies" and "retards." They're completely arbitrary and if you can't convey your point without resulting to petty insults, then that just shows how much you know about what you're talking about.
And don't respond to this with "You can't tell me what to do" and what-have-you. I'm trying to be civil by sending you this note and NOT INSULTING YOU, so I expect YOU TO DO THE SAME.

Her reply:
~i'm not even going to continue this anymore. You'll never understand what my point is cause yeah I'm not good with words but I can explain better than type it and it is sad that christians and more lesbians/bi/and my gay friend don't have anything against me but all the fangirls make a big fucking deal about this. you can go on and think what you want to think about me, seriously I don't care what you think, your just some person typing over the internet just like I am. If you don't understand then I see no reason to explain.

This is over till you learn to make your own thoughts about my stamp and learn to understand my views on it.

Till then later.
-Kimmie
*reply will be ignored*

My reply:
Nobody is going to try to understand you until you try to understand them.
Way to ignore the issue here. All that bitching about sending you this note and now you're giving up.
Good job.

-- End Transmission (...?)

----

[[i-heart-hikaru|back to originating article]]

[[Category:Transcripts]]