Nurse-kun/Damaged Goods/Chapter 22
==04/28/07(Sat)05:29:21 '''Nurse-kun''' !!hPl7vWPKR+W ==

===25694037===

>>25693929Does she have freckles too? :3 And to get back to things that might actually be fun after that brief rant which I'm sure will have no effect...no, not that I've noticed so far. But then, it is still early spring, and I've only known her since late fall and early winter, and with freckles often 'manifesting' with exposure to sunlight...well, I don't really know! Maybe she will! She is rather fair-skinned, not creamy white or anything, but somewhere between a fair-skinned scandenavian (ok, ok, I'll pin it down...her father's family was from Norway. So...Norwegian, look up pictures of them yourselves, though they're often pretty tanned), and a fair-skinned Japanese person...so yeah, pale, but nowhere near albino, with more 'pink' than Japanese tend to have. Actually...and here's something people interested in her might be interested in...and you genetics freaks, too...

===25695069===

>>25694840sure, thats okay, i might write it up anyway, and maybe show it to you at some point just so you can see what you think, but if you dont want it published, even though it would be so loosely based on your story that i probably could publish it, i wont do it. Like I said, if you change all the details but male nurse + little girl with amputations + lost parents + bonding, and made up the rest on your own...well, I can hardly claim rights to that, because I'm not crazy like some 'authors' are. If you want to write about us in particular, with our details, limit yourself to fanfic. That's all I'm saying. But if you do go with a publish-bound story, don't say it's 'based on a true story' or hint at us at all, sil vous plais...

===25695260===

>>25695048yeah thats basically what im talking about, male nurse+orphaned amputee patient is the ONLY thing i would take from your story, i wouldnt be writing any of the events that you describe, myself, because honestly, i'd never be able to respect myself if i was successful through basically paraphrasing what you've already written. i kind of feel unoriginal enough for taking the concept of male nurse+ amputee chan anyway, which is why i want it to deviate from your story massively, it really would be completely different (amputee chan would probably be moved to a different hospital and nurse-kun wouldnt be able to see her, for example, to demonstrate the evils of bureacracy). it's not like i'd be using the names "nurse-kun" and "amputee-chan" either, but thanks for taking the time to talk to me about this. Well, there you go then...as said, don't claim a 'based on the true story' or hint at it, and it'd be fine by me, you'd have my blessing that it'd turn out well, even.
===25696021===

>>25695313 ...it seems she wasn't the first half-breed in her family. Going way back when (well, not WAY WAY back, but a fair ways), back to her great-grandmother on her mother's side of the family...said great grandmother, back in the early to mid 30s...fell in love with an American. She and her family had already been living in America for a while, so it wasn't as though she'd been picked up in a bar in Tokyo, but it was still quite unexpected for them, this blonde-haired, blue-eyed gaijin coming to ask their permission to see their daughter. Which they refused, apparently, but they still saw each other in secret...pretty wild for a Japanese girl at that time and age, really. One thing led to another, as they continued seeing each other being her parents backs (and his, too, they wouldn't be too happy about it either), and...she got pregnant. With my girl's grandmother. This was in the mid-30s, back when anti-miscegeneration laws were still in place...blocking blacks and whites from marrying in particular, but ALSO just about any other sort of race-mixing...it was actually illegal for them to get married in the state they lived in. And their child was actually evidence that could be used against them to bring felony charges of adultery or fornication!
===25696322===

Where was I...right. Now, her mother told her all of this when she'd had a bad day at school, which was rare for her being a very happy child from all accounts pre-accident...where she got taunted by one older jerk about her parentage. She didn't attack him like she did the boy in the wheelchair, just argued back that her parents were the best in the world, and etc etc, then finally started crying when he wouldn't relent. Guess even gifted kids can be total dicks. Anyway, she got home, and her mother told her the 'family secret'...to try and help her understand that it was normal, in a way, for her to be the way she was, and that it was a good thing, that it made her special, and the most beautiful girl in the world, and that it just made both herself and her father love her even more than they already did, which she then made a joke was impossible, since they already loved her a hundred percent, and she, of course, got it and started laughing, because she knew there was nothing more than 100 percent of one 'thing'...and...well, she started tearing up as she was telling it, relating many of these exact words as they were said, and how her mother laughed and hugged her tight, and when her father got home, he did the same, and added that she was his 'little kitten', a nickname he had for her because her eyes were green, like a Norwegian Forest Cat...and, well, the story ended there, and I tried to comfort her again.
===25696655===

So this explained a few things for me...like why her aunt, who happens to be her mother's identical twin sister, and the rest of her family (husband, two children, one daughter a couple of years older than she is, one son a few months older) haven't come to see her...after Pearl Harbour and America entered the war, Japanese civilians, citizens, were sent to internment camps, considered possible, well, terrorists, because them Japs were so darn inscrutable and treacherous. This included her great-grandmother, grandmother (who was just a young child at that point), and grandfather (who was just a baby, having been born about six or seven months before the attack). Her husband, the All-American Boy, was told he wasn't required to go in as well, because his loyalty was assumed to still be where it should be, despite his 'exposure' to her. To his credit, it seems he went in anyway, voluntarily, brave man. They spent the remainder of the war in there...well, most of them did, anyway. A fair number of Japanese men in the camps offered, tried, to enlist in the armed forces, to prove their loyalty...and her great-grandmother's husband (who I suppose would be her great-grandfather, since her grandmother had her mother) did as well, having less trouble convincing them to let him do so.
===25697100===

He asked to be posted along with the other Japanese men from their camp that enlisted, and was, in fact, serving alongside them when they were sent to Italy, then to Southern France. The rest of the unit/military group name I can't recall went on to Germany, amongst the first to liberate one of the concentration camps...but not him. He was shot and killed in France, recieving a bronze star posthumously, but his wife never told her children what he'd done to earn it...in fact, she told them very little about him at all...the only picture of him she kept was in a locket around her neck, which she was buried with. Even with his sacrifice, she and her two children stayed in the camp until it was shut down and the 'internees' were released. She went home to her family, who'd been at another camp, as she and her husband had moved to another city together after their disapproval and his parents' as well; luckily, her children could pass for Japanese...mostly. They had black hair, and just a slightly lighter than 'normal' skin tone for Japanese people...their features could pass well too, except for little quirks, here and there...well enough that white people would rarely notice...but not enough that most Japanese would.
===25697522===

As a result, they were often treated...poorly...by the Japanese community that they lived within. They spoke perfect Japanese, just as their mother did, they knew the customs, the traditions, all the things the other children knew, as their father had been quite understanding in their learning about that part of their heritage, but it was often not quite enough...taunts came, bullying, a few beatings for her grandfather, who died when he was 10 due to 'accidental drowning' when the ice gave out beneath him on a frozen lake during the late winter, while skating with some other boys, and the vicious sort of less physical attacks girls can level at each other for her grandmother. Her own parents, our girl's great-great-grandparents, weren't outright hostile to her children, but they weren't terribly warm and friendly, either...a distinction that became very apparent when she remarried, an older Japanese man, a grocer, making an offer to her parents...who accepted on her behalf. Hardly a match made in the heart...and when she had a third child, another boy, the way her parents doted on and spoiled him, while still behaving coldly to her other children, just solidifed it all for her. And this is how her grandmother grew up. When she was eighteen, she left home for college, having studied long and hard enough to have earned a scholarship to a good school; she avoided the white students, who made up the vast majority, for the smaller Japanese population, only a dozen or so in a school of a thousand, but none of them knew her past, or her parentage...and she managed to work on her little quirks over the years to the point where she could pass with all of them.
===25697965===

She met a young Japanese man in her third year, and they began dating, she brought him home to meet her mother and step-father formally after had graduated, keeping her mother from seeing them together when she attended the ceremony, her step-father mysteriously too busy to come, where he asked for her hand in marriage, and they happily accepted, as he was an intelligent, now well-educated young man, an engineer, destined for great things, no doubt, even in this land of white privilege. And he did, in fact, do quite well for himself, finding a decent position with a small, but growing, company, and growing with it, his merit enough for his boss, who was a good man even back then, apparently, finding it enough to promote him, rather than leaving him shut out of the old boy's club's doors. He had to work twice as hard as any of the white engineers, of course, but he did so, despite the sacrifices that meant for their home life. Even so, they had a child soon after they married, a daughter, our girl's mother's mother.......wait, I fucked this up. Shit. MATH IS HARD. Ok, the woman in the camps who married the white guy was our girl's great-great-grandmother, who had her daughter, our girl's great-grandmother, who had HER daughter, which I just mentioned, who was our girl's grandmother! Geez. Sorry, all.
===25698514===

Aaaaaaaaaaanyway, her half-Japanese great-grandmother maintained their home while her full-Japanese great-grandfather worked, and she took care of her three-quarters-Japanese daughter, who looked as Japanese as any of their friends and neighbours in the community...and was thus presented as such by her parents, the secret of her parentage kept by her mother, even her father not knowing at that point. And that's how she was brought up. She wasn't even told herself until she was in her teens, when her father learned as well after a slip of the tongue from her own grandfather. Since she knew how half-blooded children were treated, hell, she'd even made a few jokes herself, she guarded her secret zealously, and presented herself as nothing but the most traditional, absolutely Japanese woman she could.
===25699001===

She met and married a Japanese man when she went to college as well, and they had a very Japanese life along with their American one, both of them being from multiple-generation Japanese-American families; they had friends from a number of races, socialized at barbecues and neighbourhood events with their neighbours, attended the company picnics, bought a cabin on a lake away from the city for summers and holidays, the picture of the American dream, with him working hard, and her maintaining the home, while also writing books on learning Japanese for english speakers in her spare time. And they had children, a son, first, then a pair of daughters, identical twins. Each of them, by this point...lessee...1/8th caucasian, 7/8ths Japanese? And they looked as Japanese as any of their Japanese friends, though they were all an appealing pale, but with lighter, brown, hair, compared to their mother. And they grew up not even knowing until they were in THEIR teens, whereupon their learned the family secret, and how it was important to keep it that way, how it'd brought nothing but pain and ostracism to their grandmother, how nobody needed to know, and that they were already 'American'...as American as anyone else, without it being built on blonde-haired-blood. So life went on...the older brother went to school, and became an engineer, like his father, while the older of the twins, (well, by a few minutes), our girl's aunt, opted to go to school in Japan, attending a prestigious university there, all three of them very intelligent and hard workers, and thus not having many problems with admissions. Finally, our girl's mother opted for a school closer to home than Nippon, but still further away than her brother...she studied at a college here, where I'm living today, which is a fair, but not great, distance from home for her.
===25699430===

And while there, about halfway through her bachelor's, she met a tall, blonde-haired, fair-skinned man with a bright smile one day, in the library, apparently, and things led from one to the other, and within six months they were living together...and within a year, our girl had arrived in the world...three months after the wedding. A wedding that was unseasonably freezing...figuratively speaking, as her parents, while in attendance, didn't say a single word the entire time, or even touch her or her husband, her father walking her down the aisle, but not holding her arm, merely walking alongside her. They left the reception as soon as the vows were completed and they were pronounced husband and wife, and while her brother, who'd attended with his own wife and their infant child, stayed a bit longer, and was apologetic for their behaviour, he 'suffered' for it afterward. Her twin sister, the person she'd been closest to their entire lives, the 'perfect sisters', having been at least one person's nickname for them, hadn't even opened the invitation, sending it back with 'Return to sender' on it. Our girl's mother, knowing she was curious about why the rest of the family 'didn't like them', and asking her if it was because of her, knew she needed to be as honest as she could be with her, her age notwithstanding. She was smart enough to understand most of it, and with her memory, she could muse over it over time, and figure it out as she grew older...her mother was probably hoping they could reconcile before that happened, that they could see their beautiful, brilliant, talented granddaughter and neice for who she was, and accept her, and her husband, for the people they were...but...well, things, happened. One big thing, anyway.
===25699838===

And that was that...she told me all of this one night last week when I stupidly made some off-handed comment about her family being jerks, just talking what I was thinking out loud, hearing about how another attempt to reach them by her social worker hadn't made much success earlier that evening via the grapevine from our resident shrinkette; I said it, and regretted it the moment I did, as she stared down at her lap...I began to apologize, and she said it was..."Okay", and that "They just don't want me...". I tried to assure her nobody could not want her when they knew her, and we went back and forth for a bit before she just started talking, starting at the beginning, as if reciting verbatim something from a documentary or a story heard while sitting on someone's lap...which, I guess, she had. She just kept talking, with me managing to keep my mouth shut now, until she was finished, and I didn't know what to say...so I just gave her a hug, as she tried to wipe her eyes with the back of her hand, recounting how the accident had made reconcilliation impossible having stirred up pain within herself, and tried to help her get through the crying, while thinking they were even bigger jerks than ever, the quarter-japanese grandmother in particular... And, well, there you go. I'm not a genetics expert, but I heard someone mention that blonde hair and blue or green eyes in half-japanese kids was almost impossible, so I guess this might help explain things somewhat...not that I have anything to prove there...the gaps it fills in with her family's behaviour was a lot more revealing to me, and it doesn't make me like them any less. I'm not sure that'd be possible.
===25699887===

Anyway, here are some zombie boobies.

(hot pic, end of first thread)


==05/29/07(Tue)15:44:49 Nurse-kun !!hPl7vWPKR+W==
===28267206===

Where was I? Ah, yes. Anyway, she hadn't been feeling well when I arrived, and I did my best to make her comfortable and keep her company, but that was about all I COULD do there. Time passed, she fell asleep (uncomfortably and uneasily), my shift ended. I made my mind up, and hung around to wait for the administrator to show up, which took a while longer. Finding me asleep outside her office, she woke me unceremoniously (the lady has got no mercy), and asked me what I wanted. Doing my best to compose myself, I made a request for an excursion for the day, just a few hours away. I said that I'd call her social worker and clear it with her, so I'd just need her permission, and would let her think about it if necessary, and get back to her in said few hours later. She more or less just waved me off dismissively, making it clear she wanted to pay attention to her muffin and coffee at the moment.
===28267496===

I got in touch with her social worker on the way home, and explained my request to her voice mail: I would bring her back to my place...and take care of her while she fought off the bug, like she, or any other normal kid, would do so. In a normal home setting, resting on the couch and eating homemade soup while watching daytime television...and being mildly pampered and fretted over by an adult not dressed in scrubs and smelling of hand sanitizer. She got back to me shortly after I got home, and gave her approval. There'd already been a visit to my apartment once before for the afternoon, when it was raining and there wasn't much to do in the city, so it wasn't too unusual a request...and by now, we'd built up sufficient trust, I like to think, that she knew my intentions were innocent. Which they were, of course.
===28267902===

Buoyed by the tides of success, I left a message with the administrator explaining the approval, and said that I'd call back in a few hours. Then I went and crashed into bed, aiming to get those few hours of sleep that I could. I slept like a log, then was awakened and got up groggily, aiming to refresh myself sufficiently that I could perform my duties in this less formal setting to the proper level of satisfaction. Which meant coffee and meth, of course. Energized, I played a bit more telephone tag, found my ducks in a row, and headed out to make a quick trip elsewhere before heading for the facility. Once I finally arrived there, I headed for her room, pausing to briefly chat with the nurse on duty and explain what I had in mind, which she seemed to approve of, partially, no doubt, since it would take her off of her hands...as a sick patient, not some sort of special trouble, of course.
===28267678===

>>28267496So tell us, Nurse-kun: how much cleaning up did you have to do before Ampu-tan visited your house? Were you basically hiding every scrap of porn you could find? Har har. It isn't as though the stuff hangs from the ceiling and overflows cupboards, you know. Yes, I tidied up a bit, of course, but it wasn't a tremendous effort. ...I'd already carefully organized my laptop before her last visit, after all, which was the most difficult part of it all.

===28267582===

fuck you, or give good explanation for not continuing story It's quite odd, isn't it, the way the thread suddenly died...I can't explain it, personally, since I had nothing to do with it, and had just finished my second post when it disappeared. Seems rather odd it'd disappear after an hour and a half or so, considering they've lasted for ten or more in the past...hmm.
[edit] 28268366

>>28267902 Making my way to her room and letting myself in with a light knock, I found her looking roughly as sick and miserable as she had when I last saw her awake, just sitting there, slouched a bit, not even feeling up to doing anything, reading, playing DS, folding, anything. Naturally, this just made me feel I'd made the right decision, and I smiled, took a seat, and told her that I had a trip planned for us. When, she asked? Why, now!, I answered. She looked vaguely surprised and skeptical, but I assured her it was true, and began selecting some clothes for her to change into, and generally organizing for the 'trip'.

===28268183===

Did I miss one of your posts nurse-kun? Last one I read was this one' http://www.wikichan.org/index.php/Story:DamagedGoods:Chapter_21 I posted on a friday night or morning or something after that, when I couldn't sleep and was sick, but it seems they never bothered to archive it. I suppose it wasn't good enough for them or something, though I did relate a story of her family's past near the end, before I passed out...
===28268911===

She was soon (enough) dressed and more or less ready to go, though in her state of health, she was a bit more difficult and crabby than usual...which is hardly unusual, all things considered. Still, I soldiered on, and before long, I'd packed the backpack I'd brought with some essentials, and was wheeling her out the doors to my vehicle, in the generally hazy weather of the day. She wanted to know where we were going, and complained that she didn't feel like going to wherever we were going, despite not knowing where we were going yet. I, in turn, responded by telling her that it was a secret...and she'd just have to wait and see, then gave her a lozenge to suck on. It wasn't too long before we arrived at my building, whereupon the surprise was mostly revealed, though she didn't quite grasp the meaning of it all just yet. I unloaded us, then made to wheel her into the building...and she stopped me.
===28269343===

"No...I want to...walk." She frowned up at me from where she sat, gripping the arms of the chair with both hands, flesh and mechanical alike, and after a moment's hesitation, mostly spurred on by concern for her sense of balance in her state, I nodded in return, and offered her my hand. She took it, carefully, with her myoelectric one, then, with a combination of her left arm and body pushing to lift herself, and my hand helping her steady herself on her right, and acting as a 'platform' to pull up against with her artificial arm, she managed to stand up, slowly, arduously. Helping steady her a bit more, she stepped over to lean against the vehicle's side while I folded up her chair and set it inside the trunk...then, taking my arm again, we set off to head inside, wobbly, coughing, and damp.
===28269945===

Once inside, we made our way past the locked doors and headed for the elevator; while I normally take the stairs, that wasn't really an option today, for obvious reasons. We passed Ms. Palmer on the way, who slowed and stared rather blatantly, not having met her before. For her trouble, after a few seconds, she turned her head and just stared back at her, the woman having been caught at it, as she was on our girl's left, and remaining, peripheral vision. At the force of that glare, the poor woman blanched, murmered an apology, and hurried on her way out of the lobby, while I tried to hide a bit of a smile of amusement. Even sick, she's nothin' to...mess with. The ride up was private and quiet, with her saying nothing as she clung to me, the slight shaking and sudden starts and stops of the car playing havoc with her still tenuous balance. Finally, the doors slid open, and out we went, walking down the hallway at her pace until we reached my room, and slipped inside together...
===28270326===

The moment the door closed we were all over each other. I don't think either of us had expected it to happen - I certainly hadn't planned it - but there it was. She started working on the button and zipper of my jeans with her good hand, while I reached down to grip her diminutive chest (well, as much as I could). It was a little awkward kissing, with the height difference and all, but somehow we managed. All of this was before her mechanical arm, incensed by our actions, turned against us and began acting of its own accord. It wanted us dead...
===28270655===

...whereupon she flopped down onto the nearest chair, a bit out of breath, trembling and coughing after even that short walk, looking around bleary-eyed for this 'surprise'. Taking that as my cue, I knelt down and removed her shoes from her prosthetic feet, then moved to unzip her jacket as well, setting the backpack with her things, and a few other mystery contents as well, down. She looked vaguely surprised, and managed to make a single word sound disappointed and unamused at the same time. "Here?" I couldn't help but laugh a bit at the expression on her face, bisected eyebrow raised, and simply nodded in reply as I motioned for her to move her arms so I could slide her jacket off. "Yup, here." Still looking skeptical, but a bit too tired to argue, she just sighed and let me remove it, and was thus surprised when I quickly followed that up by sweeping her up into my arms, then carrying her toward the couch as she grabbed my shirt out of surprise, eyes widening...
===28271330===

...at surprise at the configuration and contents of the couch and coffee table. I'd set down kleenex, a glass (to be filled with juice), pillows, a blanket, the various entertainment remotes, and a box filled with the various comics from my collection she'd enjoyed on her previous visit. I set her down gently on the couch in the proper position, all of the above easily reachable with her good arm, and took a seat a bit further down. I told her that I knew it wasn't much fun staying in the home, and it's even worse when you aren't feeling well, as a few shifts worked while I wasn't had made clear in the past. And that I knew that when one got sick like this, one didn't want to be in a hospital, or a sterile environment...one wanted to be at home, comfortable, and being taken care of. And so, I wanted to provide that for her...if she'd let me. She was quiet for a moment, taking it all in, the weak rays of the sun making her hair shine like gold for a moment, then finally just leaned forward and hugged me, stifling the crying she was fighting in my shirt. To which I responded by simply patting her back and holding her gently, letting her let it out, the memory of her complaining melancholy about being sick and being taken care of by her mom, then struggling to contain herself after relating it, one night some time back sounding clear as day in my mind.
===28271556===

the entire internet is pressing the limits on its cute intake right now. two or three kittens would put the thing over.

===28271486===

>>28271330...and then you showed her your penis. No, not yet.
===28272543===

She recovered her composure after a few moments more, and I carefully brushed some sweat-stained hair out of her eyes as she leaned back and wiped them with the back of her good hand, smiling gently as I did so. I can't forget what she said next as she shifted to lay back against the pillows, body slightly turned to face the television, and using it as a focus to avert her eyes from me; "You're always so nice to me...even though I didn't do anything to deserve it...". I was surprised at this, at the expression of...even now, I'm not entirely sure, but...guilt? shame?...on her face. And I was contemplative for a moment in turn, then stood up, walking around her to tug the blanket (one I'd taken from home when I left for college, and kept with me since then) up over her. And I replied, not needing to fake any emotion, but simply speaking honestly, "You don't need to do anything but be yourself, <name ommitted here>.". I hesitated then, for a moment more, before leaning down to place a kiss on the top of her head, before heading into the kitchen.
===28273665===

Things mellowed out pleasently after that initial spate of activity. She was still tired, so she wound up falling asleep on the couch a few minutes after, with me carefully removing her prosthetics and setting them aside as stealthily as I could. Without much to do myself, other than fill her glass with some orange juice, I wound up falling asleep as well, slumped over in the chair sharing the living room (well, what passes for one in my place). She woke up after a couple of hours, and apparently quietly began to watch tv, emphasizing quietly because she didn't wake me up in the midst of doing so. Indeed, it was another hour or so before I came to my senses again, finding her watching some history channel special on the Manhatten Project. Looking at a clock, I realized what time it was and apologized to her for falling asleep, then asked if she was hungry. Replying, after a moment, that she was (and thirsty as well, the glass empty by then), I told her I had something special for her...

===28274027===

How the fuck is your loli not dead yet?'What have I been doing wrong? Forgetting to check for aphids, I bet. You should buy some Ff-ladybugs.
===28274639===

A few minutes of humming from the microwave later, I walked back in and set down a plate before her, on the table. I adjusted things so that the bowl in the center of said plate was within easy spooning reach, and revealed the homemade turkey soup within, the smell bringing back memories for me immediately. I'd made the detour earlier to my parents' place to pick up some of mom's leftovers from the day before, when I'd been there to help take care of dad, and she'd made a fresh pot of her signature dish; the trip, I knew, would be worth it, as I couldn't think of anything better for a sick girl than delicious broth, tender meat, and fresh, but softened, vegetables. She eyed it speculatively, as I explained what was in it, and assured her that it was perfect for whatever's ailing one, full not only of tastiness, but of the love of a mother...and grandmother...as well. I added the second title after a splitsecond's thought of announcing the first, trying not to place too much emphasis on it, but remembering my mom's face earlier in the day, when I told her who it'd be for, and the situation it'd be served in...she hadn't said anything, but the expression...well...anyway...a spoonful was carefully filled, then sampled...
===28275383===

"...it's good." came the proclamation, as she swallowed, then took another spoonful. I smiled in relief, and headed back into the kitchen to make a small bowl for myself, the tupperware holding enough for at least four. And we simply ate in silence, then, no need for extraneous conversation at the moment, watching footage of black and white houses blow over and fly into slivers. I switched on a movie for her a little while later, and popsicles to soothe a sore throat were broken out to accompany dry ice on a DeLorean's hood. All in all, it was a pleasent afternoon that soon became evening, and a second helping of soup, as well as a second installment in a trilogy. An appropriate trilogy, considering the way time was flying.
===28276812===

It was getting rather late, as late as any excursion had been thus far, actually. I looked to her, and found her asleep, curled up beneath the blanket. After a long moment's consideration, I finally decided to make the attempt, and called her social worker, who was already off duty by then; well, as off duty as anyone in her position could be. I explained the situation to her, and made the request...that she be allowed to sleep the night, and return to the facility the next morning. Since it was my night off, there was no conflict with my schedule, and she'd be recieving care from a professional, just as she would if she were disturbed and woken up, then driven back to her bed at the facility. I chewed my lip a bit as I waited for her response after laying out my reasoning, and not unsound reasoning it was, particularly as the mentoring programs covered camping trips and overnight stays and such, odd situations or no. Still, I knew how our own situation was more tenuous than most. Then, almost startling me, she said "All right, I'll call the home. You can bring her back tomorrow.".

===28275921===

Question: let's say she wasn't so damned cute. Would you still love her and pay the same attention to her~ if say her whole body had been covered with burns, disfiguring her face and leaving her with no hair like the burn victims you see in medical journals. I like to think I could. I can't really say, since she wasn't, though she is more heavily scarred than the 'fan art' tends to accurately portray. I'm only human, and a sad fact of that state is that we tend to make emotional judgements and connections based on skin deep views. I don't know. I never claimed to be some sort of saint, here, it's other people saying things like that.
===28278233===

Now, the first thing I did was go to my bedroom and change the sheets. I'm not a total slob, and do so regularly, but this was a special occasion, after all. I tidied up a bit more in the rest of the room as well, cleaning up some clothes tossed onto a chair in the corner (my 'I'm tired, these clothes aren't going into the hamper right now' chair), clearing various glasses and debris off my bedside table, etc. Once everything was good and presentable, I headed back out into the living room, where she was still asleep on the couch. Shifting the coffee table aside, I moved to lift her in my arms again, resting her chin and good arm over my shoulders as I carried her into the bedroom. There, I laid her down on the bed, reaching over to dim the lamp on my desk to roughly the level of her nightlight in her room at the home, and...

===28277958===

Hey Nurse-kun, Did you give her that copy of Ouendan 2 yet? 

Copy hasn't arrived yet. Last time I buy from PlayAsia.
===28278860===

(fake trip troll, still amusing) >>28278233...she went straight for my throat. She'd been thirsting for fresh blood all week, and this was the first chance she'd had in awhile. By the time I got over my shock it was too late, and she had me in her loli-vampire trance. So, basically I'd been turned into her mindless slave, willing to do her bidding even at the cost of my own life and of those I love. I guess the really major career changes always sneak up on you...

===28278860===

(fake trip troll, still amusing) >>28278233...she went straight for my throat. She'd been thirsting for fresh blood all week, and this was the first chance she'd had in awhile. By the time I got over my shock it was too late, and she had me in her loli-vampire trance. So, basically I'd been turned into her mindless slave, willing to do her bidding even at the cost of my own life and of those I love. I guess the really major career changes always sneak up on you... 

Hahaha, that's some good stuff. ...but seriously, how would that be a career change for me from my present circumstances?
===28278956===

>>28278233 ...tucked her into bed. Then placed my cell phone, with a note explaining how my pager number was set to autodial by pressing a certain number, which would wake me if I was asleep and she needed anything, on the table beside her. Then I stepped outside, closing the door most of the way, and went off to collapse onto the couch and fall asleep myself, pager set to audio on the table beside me.

===28278994===

Nurse-kun, I don't have much time before I must go to work, but I have to say I admire you and have found the whole story simply fascinating.'Please keep up the good work.'Although I have to ask: Are you really a dude? I could seriously see this whole thing being 10x more believable (not that I don't, I do) if you were a woman. Ah, but there are no women on the internets, now are there...?

===28279321====

Hay Nurse-kun, I just read a story today that may be relevant to your (and Ampu-tan's) interests. It was about a woman who got some kind of bad infection (it didn't say what, but I'm guessing streptococcus pyogenes) and had both legs and one arm amputated as a child, about the same age as your loli. She's now a medical student, looking to go into pediatrics. So, you can still succeed even with severe physical handicaps, if you persevere.'Dunno if Ampu-tan has the intelligence for medical school, (no offense intended, not everyone does), but she can still do something with her life regardless.

*http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20070527/ap_on_re_us/amputee_med_student
*http://www.cnn.com/2007/EDUCATION/05/27/amputee.student.ap/index.html 

Neat. And, well, she's smarter than I am...but, hey, male nurse.
===28280197===

>>28278956 We both slept pretty peacefully, save for a middle-of-the-night bathroom emergency, but even that was handled without dire results. Catching up on needed rest as we were, it was nearly nine am before either of us stirred, the 'either' in this case being me, what there is of my pride as an adult being happy to say. After a brief checking in on her and finding her fine, and in what would be full sonorous sprawl if she still had all her parts, I wandered back into the kitchen to make some coffee, and began to prepare breakfast, as well. The scent of which apparently stirred her to wakefulness, as bacon, eggs, hashbrowns, and toast sizzled away on the stove (well, ok, not the toast, but you know what I mean).
===28281146===

Her calling my name from the bedroom was my first clue, walking over to peer inside and notice her sitting up and rubbing her eyes with her good hand the second. I quickly went off to fetch her prosthetics from the living room, bringing them back and setting them down for her to don them herself, as she prefers, then heading out to keep an eye on breakfast. Having a feeling, I waited out in the kitchen for her, whether it was another raised voice asking for help, or something else entirely. As it turns out, it was the latter, as she appeared in the bedroom doorway a few minutes later, holding onto the doorjam for support with her good hand, but maintaining an admirable balance all in all even with that nod to good sense. I met her eyes from across the room, kind of wordlessly asking if she needed help with a raised eyebrow and such, to which she responded by walking down the short hallway, hand occasionally resting against the wall for support, moving one foot at a time...well, one leg, actually, since moving just the foot isn't really possible for her...and slowly, arduously, making it all the way to the kitchen table, where she practically fell into a chair.

===28280549===

Hey, Nurse-kun; I've got a rather odd question.'Regarding your feelings for Ampu-tan, would you say that you're getting to the point where you "love" her (meant in the form of parental love, as a father or mother would have for their child)?'Maybe not, but if adoption and all that goes through (yes, hoping for a miracle here), I think it would be a somewhat fitting summation. Hm, well, um, I refuse to answer on the grounds that I'm in 4chan?
===28281959===

Noting that she did in fact look better than she had yesterday, I asked her if she was feeling better as well, to which she answered with a nod of her head. Pleased by this (the change of health status, not the nod), I smiled and asked if she was feeling hungry, the further confirmation of which led to my placing a plate full of not entirely healthy breakfast foodstuffs before her, along with accompanying condiments. Thus we both broke our fast, and I asked her whether she was ready to go back to the home just yet, or if she'd like to stay a bit longer. After a lack of moment's thought, she replied that she was still feeling a bit sick, and should probably wait before going back, all with a straight face and near monotone. You had to be there, but I couldn't help but laugh, and simply nodded in agreement. Finishing the meal, I cleaned up, then leant her an arm to help her walk back over to the couch, letting her lay down (though closer to sitting than the day before), and watch some television while I took care of other arrangements.
===28282623===

So we settled in for some of the more pleasent times in the recouperative process, and whiled the hours away doing very little save eating popsicles and watching various forms of media. Lunch consisted of chinese delivery, and dinner consisted of leftovers from lunch. Still, I knew that all good things must end, and told her that we needed to get ready not longer after said dinner, said preparations culiminating in her being dressed, and her things packed back into the backpack, and our walking down the hallway from my apartment to the elevator just after eight.
===28284209===

And so the trip 'home' was uneventful, because I'm kind of tired and running out of writing energy, and not much happened anyway. I wheeled her back inside, knowing the policies and regulations as I do, back to her room, and greeting fellow nurses on the way. Once there, I told her that I hoped I'd done an okay job taking care of her, even though I knew I wasn't that good at it. She hesitated a moment, then leaned forward and hugged me, and told me that she was happy I cared enough to try. Taking that comment in what I hoped the spirit it was intended for, I smiled a bit and returned the hug, carefully, then stood up, patting her shoulder lightly. And told her I'd see her soon...since I'd be back at work in roughly three hours or so. She almost smiled a bit at that, and we waved goodbye to each other as I stepped out of her room...and back into the fading light to go home and straighten up my apartment before going 'Home again.' for another night. 

==End Chapter==
*[[Anonynurse/Damaged Goods/Chapter_23|Next Chapter]]
*[[Anonynurse/Damaged Goods/Chapter_21|Previous Chapter]]
__NOEDITSECTION__

[[Category:Chans]]