Power Rangers/Agony In Pink
=Chapter 5 -- More Pain for Pink=

Chapter 5 -- More Pain for Pink

Tommy had to be held back from tearing the command center apart. 

"We've got to do something!" he cried. 

"Don't you know where she it yet?" 

"No, Tommy, we don't," intoned Zordon. "You have got to remain calm. Part of 
Zedd's plan is to cause dissent and fear among you Rangers. You must remain in 
control!" 

"Control?" screamed Trini. "Control? Did you see her? DID YOU SEE WHAT WAS 
HAPPENING TO HER? HOW CAN YOU TALK THAT WAY? WE'VE GOT TO DO SOMETHING!!" 

"Calm down," said Jason, trying to control his own raging emotions. "We can't 
help Kimberly this way. If we all stick together, we'll be able to save her." 

Jason's words were logical, and a sense of calm settled over the room and Trini 
broke down into hysterical sobbing. 

"Any luck tracking her down, Billy?" asked Jason hopefully. 

"Negative," said the Blue Ranger. "There seems to be no way to be able to 
ascertain her spatial coordinates." 

Tommy erupted at Billy's verbosity. "Can't you just speak NORMALLY for once in 
your life?" he screamed. He grabbed Billy and started to shake him. "I'M SO SICK 
AND TIRED ..." he trailed off. 

"Oh, God, Billy, I'm sorry. I didn't mean it..." 

"I know Tommy," said Billy, reassuringly. "I'll keep working." 

"Yeah," piped Zack, who had been comforting Trini, "we'll find her. And Lord 
Zedd will pay for this!" 

"Zack is correct," said Zordon. "We must remain firm and committed and strong. 
This is our greatest challenge yet, but I am certain you Rangers can overcome 
it." Jason and Tommy both muttered their consent. They'd find her. And they'd 
have their revenge.

Morning arrived, or what Kimberly assumed was morning. There were no windows in 
the room she was being kept in, and she was pretty sure she wasn't even on Earth 
any more. She lay in her cage, the torture of the day before having faded to a 
dull ache over her body. The tips of her fingers and toes still hurt very badly, 
and her cunt, which had been shocked so badly, burned. The hope of being rescued 
was the only thing keeping her going. The other Rangers had seen her -- she had 
to believe that Lord Zedd was so pleased with what was happening that he may 
have slipped up. Although Zordon and Alpha-5 had always had to spy on Zedd, 
never had he been so brazen as to broadcast his activities. They would be able 
to use that to find her, she knew it! But just then she realized they had seen 
her -- Jason, Tommy, Zack, Billy, and Trini, all of them, had seen her naked and 
being tortured. She was overcome by a new spate of crying, tears flowing down 
her face not from pain or fear, but from shame.

It was in the middle of this last burst of tears that Zedd and two Putties 
entered the room. Kimberly struggled to get control of herself. "Ah, Pink 
Ranger, crying again? It pleases me to see you crying. I so enjoyed your tears 
last evening! I can't remember when I enjoyed any sound as much!" taunted Lord 
Zedd, and Kimberly groaned inwardly at the thought the the monster listening to 
and enjoying her crying. "Of course, there is another sound I enjoy more than 
your crying -- and that's you screaming in pain! And now, I am going to enjoy 
that sound some more! Putties! To the torture chamber!" On command, the Putties 
opened Kimberly's cage, and despite her protests and struggles, grabbed her, and 
dragged her down the corridor to the dreaded torture chamber.

Lying strapped to a table, Kimberly looked on in fear as Tortura brought a 
soldering iron close to her face. "Here, Pink Ranger, feel this!" he said and 
touched the iron to her cheek. She let out a cry and turned her head away, but 
the iron was cold. 

"Oh," laughed the monster, "I guess I forgot to plug it in. Well, let's take 
care of that!" And so saying, he plugged the iron into a wall socket. He picked 
up the iron and held it near Kimberly's face. "Look at it, Pink Ranger, can't 
you feel it heating up? Soon, it will be doing it's work on your body... soon 
you will feel the pain from this simple device! Very, very soon, my pretty, this 
device, which is oh so small, will be causing you quite a great deal of pain. 
Can you imagine the pain you'll be feeling? Ha-ha-ha!" 

Kimberly was awash in fear as the monster taunted her. She lay in her bonds, 
squirming, trembling, visibly trembling in terror as Tortura taunted her. "Think 
it's hot enough? Let's see!" said Tortura as he brought the iron near her 
breast. Kimberly could feel the heat approaching her flesh and began to beg. 
"No, don't do that, no no don't no nooooAAAAAAH!!! AAAHHHH!! NOOOO!!! OH GOD!!!" 


The pain of the burn was excruciating. Tortura moved the iron to her armpit, 
which was already wet with sweat, and burned her. Kimberly shrieked in agony as 
the iron worked its torture on her. The iron was small, so it left only the 
tiniest mark on Kimberly's body as it burned. This was deliberate on the part of 
Tortura -- he wanted to preserve her beauty for a little while longer at least. 
"No, please no more I can't staaAAAAAAAHHHHND!! AAAHH!! OH GOD OH 
GOOOOAAAAAAAAHHH!! AAAHHH!!" Tortura used the iron on her stomach, inside her 
belly button, on her breasts. He tweaked Kimberly's lovely brown nipple, and 
then placed the burning iron directly on it. 

"AAAAHHH!!! NOOOOO!!! AAAHHHH!!!" Kimberly's screams were music to Lord Zedd's 
ears. The sight of this lovely naked girl squirming in agony filled him with 
joy. Kimberly shrieked and screamed and writhed and begged for mercy. Tortura 
went to Kimberly's beautiful legs and burned the inside of her thighs. Then her 
went to her bare foot. He began to stroke her lovely, naked foot. Kimberly 
twisted her foot and wiggled her toes, trying to keep her sensitive foot away 
from the monster. Tortura grabbed her foot and placed the iron right in the 
center of her tender sole. "OOOOOOOOOHHHHHHH NOOOO AAAHHHH EEEEEIIII NO MOOORE 
STOOOOOP!" the miserable girl screamed in pain, desperately trying to twist her 
foot away from the monster.

Tortura grabbed her foot and held it firmly so the toes were pointed towards 
him. He grabbed her foot and held her middle toe securely. He took the iron and 
placed it directly under the nail and held it there. Pain shot through Kimberly 
like she had never felt before. "AAAAHHHHH!!" The most piteous and loud scream 
yet escaped her throat and she strained wildly at the straps, thrashing her 
head, trying, desperately trying to move her toe away from the pain giving iron, 
but still Tortura held the iron to her lovely toe. Kimberly's delicate toenail 
began to turn brown, and Kimberly's screams finally gave way to silence as, 
overwhelmed by suffering, she passed out.

Cold water splashed onto Kimberly's pretty face and she awoke slowly. As soon as 
she awoke, a Putty grabbed her head and held it firm with its steely grip. 
Tortura was standing over her and grabbed her cheeks with his left hand, holding 
her head firmly. He carefully squeezed the sides of her mouth until her mouth 
opened, and then he put his fingers over her jaw and held her mouth open. 
Kimberly hardly struggled -- she was so weak she let the monster do what he 
wanted. At least, she thought, he's not hurting me now. Then Tortura lifted a 
shining instrument and held it before her eyes, and Kimberly began to squeal. 

She struggled gamely to move her head or to close her mouth, but the Putty held 
her head firmly and Tortura's strong fingers held her mouth open. The dentist's 
drill which was in Tortura's hands whirred to life, and the sound sent a bolt of 
horror through every fiber of Kimberly's being. "Now, open wide!" taunted 
Tortura and, holding Kimberly's pretty mouth open, he inserted the drill into 
her mouth. Muffled pleas for mercy escaped the miserable girl's mouth, which 
turned to screams of the purest agony as the drill cut into one of her teeth. 

Steam rose from the tooth that Tortura was drilling, and Kimberly screamed and 
screamed in pain. Tortura was, of course, a master, and he drilled with 
excruciating slowness into the girl's tooth. Kimberly's pain was beyond belief, 
she thought she may go insane, or that her throat would be ripped raw from the 
screams that came from it, until finally, Tortura had drilled through the enamel 
of her tooth and drilled directly into the nerve of the tooth. Kimberly's body 
was racked with an intense bolt of agony and she mercifully passed out.

Cold water brought Kimberly back to the living Hell she was now in. Her tooth 
throbbed intensely, and as she lay strapped to the table, she closed her eyes 
and rolled her head back and forth. I can't stand anymore, she thought. She just 
wanted to die, please God let me die, anything to stop the horrible torture. She 
then felt Tortura playing around with her crotch. Kimberly opened her eyes and 
saw that the creature held a single wire in his hands. He inserted the wire deep 
into her urethra. 

"OH MY GOD" gasped Kimberly as she felt the wire invade of this most private of 
holes. Then her crotch exploded, as Tortura flipped a switch and electric shocks 
coursed through Kimberly's most sensitive areas. Kimberly screamed and thrashed 
as this unexpected agony raced through her. But Tortura was far from done with 
Kimberly's lovely crotch -- when the shocks stopped, she saw that he held both 
the soldering iron and the electroprod in his hands. "OH PLEASE! NO PLEASE I 
CAN'T STAND ANYMORE I'LL DO ANYTHING JUST NO MORE PLEASE NO MO.. AAAAHHH!! 
AAAAAHHH!!! OH GOD! OH GOD AAAAHHH OH NO AAAHHH!!"

Tortura worked on Kimberly's clitoris and the lips of her cunt with both the 
electric prod and the soldering iron, and this these areas had been tortured 
previously with the whip and electric shocks, they were even more sensitive to 
pain than usual. Each new abuse of Kimberly's sensitive genitals caused shrieks 
of pain to emanate from the miserable girl's throat and echo against the walls. 
And, of course, Lord Zedd was a happy observer to the torture scenes, always 
mixing his hideous laughter with Kimberly's screams of pain and unanswered cries 
for mercy.

Kimberly lay on the table, panting and gasping. Sweat dripped down the entire 
length of her body. Her small but shapely breasts heaved as she sucked in all 
the air she could get. In the haze of agony that was her very being, now, she 
heard Tortura called her name. 

"Pink Ranger," he intoned. "See what I've got for you now." 

She turned to look at the monster, and she gasped in horror and began to pull 
wildly at her bonds. Tortura was standing before her, and had removed the 
"clothing" that had covered the monster's crotch. A huge, bluish penis jutted 
from there. It was gigantic, a hideous permutation of what Tortura knew a male 
organ to be. Kimberly thrashed and struggled like a wild woman, for she knew 
what was in store for her. She was a virgin, of course, but she knew about the 
"facts of life." She was starting to think that Tommy, or maybe Jason, would be 
her first. Not this monster. But even more terrifying than the thought of being 
violated by the monster was the size of the creature's member. Kimberly was sure 
she wasn't going to be able to stand it, it couldn't possibly be able to fit 
inside her, and besides, Tortura has spent much of the past few days torturing 
her genitals so they were aflame with agony as is, so she could only shudder at 
the thought of what they would feel like with the monster's member inside her. 

Tortura approached her, and in the background she could see that Lord Zedd was 
watching, and savoring, every second. "No, please no no no you can't no please 
no no.." whimpered Kimberly as the monster mounted her naked, bound body. Soon 
its face was right in front of hers, and he lay on top of her. "No, you can't no 
no please please God have mercy no please no oh God oh God oh God.. oh noooooo! 
OOOH! OOHHHHH!!!" She felt the tip of his cock push at the lips of her punished 
cunt. Pain shot through her as the burns and shocks were rubbed by the tip of 
his cock. Then, with one mighty shove, Tortura rammed the giant cock into 
Kimberly's cunt, tearing through the hymen, and began to pump back and forth. 
Kimberly put her head back and screamed a scream of such pure pain and terror 
that Lord Zedd thought he might die from pleasure.

Kimberly's cunt was so punished that the pumping of Tortura cock inside her 
caused waves of unmentionable agony to shoot through her entire body. Combine 
the pain with the mental anguish Kimberly felt and you have a most exquisite 
torture. Tortura pumped and pumped and pumped and Kimberly screamed and screamed 
and screamed. She felt like his cock was tearing her apart, that he was 
splitting her wide open and tearing her limb from limb. There was nothing else 
in her life but the giant, hideous cock rubbing inside her tortured cunt and the 
agonizing, relentless pain. 

Lord Zedd leaned in close to the suffering girl's face and began to laugh and 
taunt her. "Suffer, Pink Ranger! Feel the pain! Ah, ha ha ha ha!" Zedd's 
monstrous laughter continued, mixing with Kimberly's screams that continued to 
ring off the walls of the torture chamber as Tortura continued to pump inside 
her. Tortura, of course, could not ejaculate (the rape was simply something he 
felt would be an effective torture, and it was), so he simply continued to pump 
inside her until he felt she had reached the limit of her pain endurance. And 
when that happened, he removed himself from her cunt. Kimberly's screams stopped 
and she collapsed back on the table.

Through her tears and the pain, she heard Tortura say "Turn her over." She could 
feel herself being held down and turned over, so she was bound face down, with 
her smooth, perfectly shaped ass sticking up. Tortura went before Kimberly's 
tear streaked face. He held the dreaded electric prod in his hand. Kimberly 
whimpered at the sight of the prod. 

"Remember this?" taunted Tortura. "Where can I use it now? Where, oh where?" he 
continued, standing up and walking towards Kimberly's ass. She couldn't see 
where he was going, but she gasped in terror as she felt him fondle her ass. 
Then, to her complete horror, she felt the probe enter her asshole. 

Tortura slid the prod as deep into Kimberly's anus as it would go. "Ready, my 
dear?" he laughed. "No, don't!" cried Kimberly. "Please don't oh 
pleAAAAAIIIEEEEHHH!!! AAAAHHH!!! AAAAHHH!! AAAEEEIII!!!" 

The pain of the electric shock coursing through Kimberly's tender anus was as 
intense as anything she had yet endured. Tortura kept it up for a long time, 
until Kimberly was on the verge of passing out. Then the shock suddenly stopped. 
Kimberly lay face down, praying that it was finally over, when she felt Tortura 
on her back. She could feel his giant cock rubbing against her anus, and she 
went wild. She struggled and screamed and thrashed and begged. But she felt the 
monster's hands grip her buttocks, and with a mighty push the tip of his cock 
entered her ass. Kimberly's eyes bugged open as her asshole stretched to receive 
the end of Tortura's cock. The pain was so great that it took Kimberly by 
surprise and she didn't even scream, just gasp. "Oh, GOD! OH GOD! NO NO !! NO! 
NO! OH NOOOO!! AAAHH!! AAAIIEEE!! AHHH! PLEEAASE NO NO DON'T AAAHHHHH!!!" 

She couldn't believe that her narrow anus would be able to fit the creature's 
cock, it just couldn't fit! Tortura slowly pushed his giant cock inside 
Kimberly's ass as Zedd roared with laughter. Each inch the creature's member 
entered into the lovely girl's ass increase Kimberly's pain to a level she 
didn't think possible. "It can't fit" thought Kimberly through her terror. It 
was going to tear her apart, she would split open! He pushed and pushed until he 
was finally fully inside her. She struggled desperately, trying to expel the 
monstrous cock from her ass, but to no avail. Then he started to pump and pump 
and pump. 

Kimberly's screams of agony and terror were truly pitiful to behold -- she 
twisted and writhed and drooled and screamed and begged and cried... her life 
had become pain and humiliation and terror -- there was nothing else but the 
horrible feeling of the cock in her ass, the humiliation, the horrible sound of 
Zedd's joyous laughter, and the intense, searing, unbearable pain... She prayed 
for death, anything ANYTHING but what was happening to her now! Finally, 
mercifully, after what seemed an eternity to the helpless suffering girl, pure 
pain overwhelmed her senses and she passed out. Tortura decided she had had 
enough for the day, and she was sent back to her cage.

[[tl;dr]]

[http://www.moid.org/ed/agonyinpink.txt Link to the lulz]

New Link: [http://www.asstr.org/files/Collections/Old_Joe%27s_Collection/Serials/Agony%20in%20Pink%20-%20Special%20Edition.txt Link]

[[Category:Transcripts]]