Ray Jones/fanfic
[[Ray Jones|Return to the main article]]




'''PHANTASMAGORIA GADGETICA PART 1'''

'''By Ray "''mouse fucker''" Jones (joneScientific)'''





Job’s done for the day. Time to watch cartoons.


Back home, books And magazines 
all porn 
Wait on the table To be read. 
and fapped to.


On another table, Blank sheets of paper. 
I want to draw my dick because other people love to see my dick in a comic 
'''I dream of her on top of my hairy cock'''


But tonight, the rooms are Too quiet. 
My wife is home 
'''no disney porn tonight'''


Walk down by the riverwalk.


Small groups of young men swagger, Displaying for small groups of young women. 
I watch behind a bush 
and fap and jam a stick in my urethra 
thinking about a shitty 90's disney cartoon mouse 
I stick my thumb up my own ass and cum on a squirrel as it passes by


its not a mouse, but ''a squirrel is fine too''


They all pass out of sight.
A few people sit at tables Under awnings


And drink coffee...which I cant afford 
Or beer...which I cant afford 
Or expensive water..which I cant afford


I spent all my money buying Rescue Ranger shit on ebay. 
I have sex with those childrens dolls now.


Just over there, in concrete banks, is the river. 
Maybe I will kill myself today 
become an hero


Back at home, With infinite patience, 
My wife sits 
she has found my gadget porn again. 
she does not get off on a naked cartoon mouse like I do 

think of sweet anthropomorphic toon mouse bootie Ray, Not her.


Now a shape stands 
Just at the periphery of vision. 

''sweet anthropomorphic toon mouse bootie?'' 



'''Anonymous''' 

'''Anonymous''' 

'''Anonymous''' 

'''Anonymous'''''' 

In a dark gray raincoat. 



Hips sway beneath the plastic sheet. 
''sweet anthropomorphic toon mouse bootie''


Glance to the side. 
''sweet anthropomorphic toon mouse bootie''

The nose protruding out from under the hood seems Strangely Pink…
''Im going to tap me some sweet anthropomorphic toon mouse bootie!''


Another block down, the huge old tree rises up to nearly fill The space between the buildings. 
Its roots have pushed askew some of the great stone blocks Which make the base of the stone bridge over the river there. 
Just down from there is the window of the bookstore. 
Above the bookstore, A hotel towers up.


''this is boring as fuck.''


Can’t be sure – the face is turned toward you and the hood Of the raincoat is in the way.


Your heart squirms in your chest. 
you are a loser. 
women hate you. 
you have a nasty ''urethral fetish''


Her smile! 
Those big blue eyes –deep as space And glowing with intelligence and good humor! 
'''OMG!'''


It’s ''her''! 
'''OMG OMG!'''


Her delicate little muzzle. 
Pink nose… Her grin shows just a little of the incisors behind her lips.


Of course it’s her. 
''I MUST FUCK HER'' 
How could I not?


Lights and shadows, Full of magick. 
''magick to make cartoons real?''


not really 
silly Ray 
Silly Ray Jones


“Golly! Aren’t you going to invite a girl to a cup of coffee?” 
''OH GOLLY! OH GOLLY!''


You should be flustered, sure, but…

You’ve dreamed of her

Thought of her

So long.


So long, that you’ve grown comfortable with her. 
because you are a '''STUPID''' old man who has '''WAY''' too much free time


“Of course, sure!”

“How about the shop a couple of blocks down? “The bakery? They have the best pastries to go with coffee.”

“I felt better walking with you, even if you couldn’t see me. “And I know you felt better too.


'''''Ok how can you write such a long fag poem and switch to a chat like that? GOD HE SUCKS!!! He is like a 13 year old girl talking about inuyasha! anyway...'''''


Three fingers and a thumb. 
''she is a cartoon after all''

Warm in your hand, against the drizzle and the night.


'''''I cant stand this shit anymore....god it goes on forever....'''''


'''''this guy has his head up his own, ass I hate you Ray Jones. God you suck.'''''


The bored and sleepy clerk hands over the coffee, and the pastries Wrapped in wax paper. 
Rings up the purchase.


Did he even notice that your companion wasn’t human?

''Nope because SHE IS NOT REAL!!!!!! You are crazy, old man!''

'''Apparently, nobody else seems surprised.'''

Doesn’t auger well for your sanity, does it? 
''You got that right Ray.''


Past caring about that now. 
to old and fat to tap any good ass anyway. 
why not fall in love with a cartoon and write 40 page comics about fucking it and long gay poems about what a fag you are


she’s pulled back the hood of her raincoat.

It’s her. '''OMG GADGET!!!!!??'''

She sips her coffee. 
She nibbles her pastry – full of strawberry filling.

''We dont care Ray. If gadget was real, she would hate your fat ass not nibble on treats with you.''


“This was the first meal we shared together – do you remember?

“You read that story years ago – a silly fantasy about a human rescuing me from a plane Crash. 
Nursing me back to health in a warm box.


Yes I said 
''I wrote a sex comic about it everyone loves to see you ride my cock. I own the internetz, Im Ray Jones~ Internet GOD''


First time I looked over the edge of the box And saw him, he was drinking coffee and eating pastry. 
When he saw me awake, he offered me A piece.

''barf''

“We’ve been together, ever since you read that.”

''baaaaarfffff''


She licked some icing from her lips. 
Not one of those gross, overdone things in comedies. 
''hehe jk is was.''


''in my mind she is a nasty slut after all, who LOVES to fuck me''


Just the least flash of pink. 
A delicate and restrained gesture.

“Gadget?”

She smiles. Her muzzle wrinkles slightly.

''Muzzle....fucking '''furfag'''.''


“I … I don’t want to lose this moment, but – you can’t be real.” Your voice cracks with sadness.


yeah... you are right. 
''I am a cartoon and you are a loser''


“Look outside. Look at the darkness. Is darkness real? It’s not something. It’s the absence of something – light. How can darkness be real if it’s the lack of something That is real, light? 


Eventually, you will have to go back home. 
Your rooms are silent and empty. 
Silence is absence of sound – emptiness the absence of feeling and joy.
 How can those things Be real? But do you doubt that they’re real?”



'''''And with that I pulled down my pants and shoved Gadget up my urethra'''''


jk again 

maybe later! 

thats why I like mice after all 
they can ride my cock and jam a whole arm 
up my urethra 
''up mah urethra?'' 
'''''UP MAH URETHRA!'''''



She takes another sip of her coffee.


Softly: “Do you want me to be real, metaphysical contradictions and all?”


“Yes!” 
''I'll kill my wife just to be with you! 
I love you, a cartoon, more then I will ever love her!''



Her eyes seem to grow more moist.


“Thank you!

“Sometimes,

I get…

…lonely.”

“Lonely? – what about the boys?”

“Oh, despite all the fanfictions, there isn’t anything there.to be honest, Chip’s not my type.

''Lies Ray tells himself''


He’s too controlling, honestly. And I can’t hold a conversation with him – one sentence about RNA riboswitches, Organic semiconductors, or computer algorithms and he’s changing the subject.

''And ray can? I think not, stupid old fuck. No intelligent person does the shit he does at 54, even furfags hate him.''


There might have been something with Sparky, 
but … well … when I’m walking with You, 
or posing for your drawings ('''lulz''')I feel … natural … like I’m at home.

'''lies, Ray she is a MOUSE. A MOUSE! pile of shit story.'''


" think we need each other. And your donut’s going to get stale!” 
''yeah....donuts go stale that fast. 

you should know Ray you look like you eat a lot of them.''



Now the drizzle Is something to cherish – to celebrate! 

'''Yaaaaaaaaay 4 Ray! RAY N GADGET 4 EVER!!!!'''



It wraps the two of you, almost pushing you together.

''Fat old man, you would crush her. this is WAAAAAY too long.''



“I can’t go up with you just yet. Soon, but not yet – no, don’t ask, There’s no explaining it. Just promise me – please – promise me? Promise you’ll keep me in your heart?”

''Gaaaah this '''SUCKS. SUCKS!!!'''.''


“I promise!”

Her mouth half open.

Lean forward – afraid – needful – shaking….

Her muzzle is quite small but she still has to tilt her head up, and you have to Turn yours to the side before your lips can come together.

'''''how do you kiss a mouse mouth to mouth???'''''


With passion, you kiss. 
'''''um...how do you kiss a mouse with passion???'''''


You’re close to panic – should you press harder? – show her more passion?

'''''Um how??????? WTF?????? ITS A DAMN MOUSE! Dog fuckers make more sense then this fuck.'''''


Should you kiss lightly – respectfully – not risk turning her off by being too aggressive? 
'''''Ray is 54...yet knows NOTHING about women.'''''


You press your cheek to hers. Y
ou are alone. 
But not really....

'''Yes really.'''



Promises have been made.


And you mean to keep yours! 




'''OMG FOREVERZ'''






'''TEH ENDZ'''



----


''Rays statement for Encyclopedia Dramatica''

* "It Makes me feel good to the very core of your soul that you wrote something like that!!!" - Ray "Mouse Fucker" Jones.

[[Category:Transcripts]]