Scam Emails
You know how you sometimes lose all your money after giving your bank details to some stranger via email?


==My family died...[[le sigh]]==
Good day to you my good friend, How are you and your family, I hope everyone
is doing well, my regards.... With due respect, trust and humility, I write
to you irrespective of the fact you do not know me, but please do consider
this letter as a request from a brother in dire need of assistance. I got
your contact courtesy of an explore over the Internet when I am searching
for a reliable and trustworthy individual or company that can assist me
start a new life and invest on a lucrative business. I am Mr. Leonard Ken
Auta Jnr. I live at number 38 Convent Garden King Street Shell Quarters 111
Delta State Nigeria one of the highest oil producing area. I am the only
child of my Father. I never knew my mother, and have not seen her since I
was born. My Father told me that She left him and relocate for her country
USA for the past 22 years. My Father was a wealthy Oil Merchant before his
relatives poisoned him to death, due to jealous and Greed. I am dispossessed
from my rightful civil liberties.

Before his death, he told me that he deposited a box that contains (His
personal documents, documents that has vital information of my mother,
jewelries and sum of four million pounds Sterling) with a security finance
company in London for safekeeping. He gave me the document, which he made
with my name as the next of kin. He told me to relocate to US or any part of
Europe or Asia from there, I would search for my mother after settling down.
He advised that in no condition I would decide to reside here for the sake
of my life. I am soliciting for your assistance in claiming and receiving
this box that contains the fund on my behalf. I would be coming over to
reside permanently, invest with you and start a good living without fear. I
need your assistance to get back to good living because I have nothing left;
the fund in question is the only hope I have. If you decide to help me out
of this predicament, when I arrive to you, I would not fail to compensate
you handsomely before anything.

Finally, I have been in contact with the security finance company in London
to make some inquiries on how the transaction would be made. They told me
that the box would be delivered to my chosen destination, and asked me to
provide the full information of my beneficiary. Please, what you have to do
is to reply with your Full name, telephone number where you can easily be
reached and home Address. Please make no mistake about the information for
the sake of misplacement. On receiving your response with the information
needed, I will file in an application to the Security Finance Company in
London regarding the claiming of the consignment in their vault. Please tell
me more about your self, what you do for a living and more about your area
where you live.

Bless you,
Leonard Ken Auta Jnr.

==Just because I'm [[azn]], doesn't mean my name is Kim==
Date: Fri, 11 Aug 2006 19:44:28 -0700
From: Abii Debe <adebe002@mac.com>
Subject: Dear Kim, (Urgent Reply Needed) Thanks

Dear Kim,

I am Mr. Abii Debe, staff of Citco Trust & Finance House Accra Ghana, I am the Credit management and recovery manager with the Company office in Ghana before I was transferred to our head office here in Lagos Nigeria, Late Engineer Wilson Kim was my personal Client before he died in an accident, he was a contractor with Shell Development Company and he is from your Country.

On the 21st of April 2002, Engr. Wilson, his wife and their two children were involved in a car accident along Platue express road and all occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost their lives.  Before the time of his death, he had a deposit of $14.5Million which he declared as family treasure in the Finance House Accra office where I was working then, which is only I and his lawyer knows the true content, Unfortunately, till this moment no person has come as his relation for his chattels with us. I humbly request your attention to this matter so that I can present you as his next of kin and beneficiary to his chattels. It is not a very difficult thing to do and it will not take time.

All I will need is to put your name and particulars as his next of kin to in our computer database and we file in an application for the release of the fund. It does not necessarily mean that you must be in Ghana to conclude the deal; we may request that the money be sent to Europe for your collection. Please contact me as quickly as possible through this email address (adebe34@yahoo.gr) treat this matter as very important and confidential. When I hear from you, we shall discuss the terms of sharing of the money after the claim. Contact me now so that I can delegate the Attorney who is also going to be part of the deal.

I await your urgent response.

Best regards,

Mr Abii Debe

==[[You Win the Prize]]==

This email confirms that you have been notified of by the DE LUCKYSTAR E-GAMES LOTTO BV DE Netherlands of your email lottery winning for 2006 LUCKYSTAR LOTTO - Wheel E-game held on 28th may 2006.

We wish to congratulate you on the selection of your email coupon number, which was selected among the 45 lucky consolation prize winners. Your email ID identified with Coupon No.NL132478 and was selected by Electronic Random Selection System (ERSS) with entries from the 50,000 different email addresses enrolled for the Lotto-Wheel E-game. Your email ID included among the 50,000 different email addresses where submitted by our partner international email provider companies.

Ref Number:    35149/337-5247/LNI
Lottery Group: Consolation Prize Group
Prize Amount:  1.500,000 One Million Five Hundred Thousand Euro Only

You are required to file claims for your lottery prize winning by contacting the Lottery Claims Processing Officer with your winning information provided above.

Name:  Mr. Van Dirk (Lottery Claims Officer)
Email: vandirk002@excite.com
Tel:   +31-613-795-118
Fax:   0031-847-520-740 or +31-847-520-740


Congratulations once again from all our staffs on your consolation prize winning,we hope you will partake in our forth coming DE LUCKYSTAR E-GAMES.

Yours truly,
Mrs.Mavis Cook
(Lottery Coordinator)
NB: all response should be mail to:vandirk002@excite.com                                
                                
                                    SPONSORS

MICROSOFT LUCKYSTAR E-GAMES CO-OPERATIONS NL, MICROSOFT CO-OPERATIONS ASIA, MICROSOFT CO-OPERATIONS NETHERLANDS, CITIPAKCOURIER AND PORTLANDCOURIER.

[[Category:Pranks]]